Insanity is hereditary, - You get it from your children.
An honest politician is one who, when bought, stays bought.
You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish.
A closed mouth gathers no foot.
What's black and white and red all over?  An embarassed zebra.
What's black and white and red all over?  Certainly not the Halifax newspapers.
Gravity doesn't exist: the earth sucks.
What's the most popular form of birth control?  The headache.
He who laughs last probably doesn't understand the joke.
Let him who takes the plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
A Smith and Wesson beats four aces.
Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac, you can always take something for it.
Help the police - beat yourself up.
Avoid the christmas chaos - go to church on sundays.
There are two kinds of persons: The one that divide all people in two part, and then the other that don't.
Seen in U.S.S.R:  "The last person to leave the country is asked to turn the ligths off."
Wanna be realy stoned?  Drink wet cement.
Keep death off the roads.  Drive on the pavement.
Dead men are simple very cool.
Sigarettes are the main reason for statistics.
Advertisment from British Airways:  "Breakfast in London, Lunch in New-York and luggage in Berlin"
Do you know why surgeons use masks? It is to be not recognised again.
Vegetarians eat vegetables;I'm a humanitarian
"Socrates died from an overdose of wedlock."
A women was in love with fourteen soldiers, it platoonic.
Max told his friend he didn't want to go for a hike in the hills.  "I'm an anti-climb Max."
A new wagon designed for LA rush hour traffic is called the Stationary wagon.
An Uncle died, left several hundred clocks to a niece, she's busy winding up the estate.
Two cheerleaders ended up married, they met by chants.
 Two cans of paint got married, later the bride whispered, "Darling, I think I'm pigment."
Two boy silkworms pursued a luscious girl silkworm. They ended up in a tie.
A doctor told the boy, "This injection won't hurt a bit."  That's an MD promise.
Advice to ice skaters: You can't always tell a brook by its cover.
A guru hops around often, he's known as the Kan Guru.
A hermit was arrested after driving a hundred miles an hour, the charge was recluse driving.
What do they call a man who builds twenty boats a month? Sir Launchalot.
WHY DO MORONS ONLY GO TO MOVIES IN GROUPS OF 17 OR MORE? BECAUSE THE SIGN OUTSIDE STATES " UNDER SEVENTEEN NOT ADMITED! "
Did you hear about the Scottish Kamikaze pilot? He crashed his plane in his brother's junkyard.
What do 32 Iraqi women in one place have? A full set of teeth!
HOW DO YOU CLEAR OUT AND IRAQI BINGO HALL? CALL OUT "B-52".
DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE NEW BAGHDAD ROCK GROUP? NO KIDS ON THE BLOCK.
Did you hear the one about the lion who ate the lawyer? Had to lick his butt afterwards to get rid of the taste!
Did you hear which major department store is considering opening a couple of stores in Iraq? TARGET!
DID YOU HEAR FRANCE HAS A NEW NATIONAL FLAG? It is white with a white stripe and a white star!
What's the difference between a Canadian Hockey player and an Iraqi woman? The Hockey player takes a shower after three periods.
What do a vaccuum cleaner and an Iraqi Tank have in common? They both suck.
What do you call an Iraqi with a sheep under one arm and a goat underthe other? Bisexual.
What do you call an Iraqi with a sheep under each arm? A pimp.
What do you call an Iraqi who has sex with donkeys? Normal.
What did the aspiring Zen Buddhist say to the hot dog vendor?  "Make me one with everything."
Who is the smallest man mentioned in the New Testament? Peter. (He slept on his watch)
When is the first time motorcycles are mentioned in the bible? When David's Triumph was heard throughout the land.
Neutrinos have bad breadth.
Biology grows on you.
What does a Polack use a "rubber" for?  Seal-a-meal
- What do you get when you cross a Polack and a Mongoloid with one leg? A Polaroid 1 Step
- What is better than 4 roses on a piano? Two lips on an organ
- What do you call a truck load of vibrators? Toys for twats
- What do you call a herd of masturbating cattle?  Beef Strokenoff
- Why does an elephant have 4 feet?  Because 8 inches isn't enough
- What do you call 2 gay guys named Bob?  Oral Roberts
- What can you use used tampons for?  Tea bags for vampires
- How can you tell a Polish woman is on her period?  She's only wearing 1 sock
What do you get when you cross a Mexican with an octopus? I don't know, but it can sure pick lettuce
- What do soy beans and dildos have in common?Both are meat subsitutes
- What's the difference between chicken and meat?  If you beat your chicken it  would die
- How can you tell a Head nurse?  The one with dirty knees
- What do you get when you cross a Mexican with an Oriental?  A car thief who can't drive
What's worse than getting raped by Jack the Ripper?  Getting fingered by Captain Hook
- Why did the Italian staple his nuts together?  Since he couldn't lick them, he felt he should join them
What's invisible and smells like carrots?  Bunny farts
Why can't little black kids play in sandboxes?  Cats keep trying to cover them up
What do elephants use for a tampon?  Sheep
Why don't Mexicans barbeque?  Because the beans slip through the grill
What do you call a one-legged woman? Ilene.
Why did the Aggie spend all night in front of the house of ill repute? He was waiting for the red light to turn green.
The only computers I trust with my women are Unix.
Why were Helen Keller's fingers purple?She heard it through the grapevine.
What is the difference between ooooh and aaaah?About three inches.
What is the difference between a dog and a fox?About three drinks.
What do you do with an elephant that has three balls? Walk him and pitch to the giraffe.
What are the three most difficult years for an Aggie? Second grade.
Did you hear about the Aggie car pool? They all meet at work.
Why were the Aggies pushing their house down the street? They were trying to jump-start the furnace.
Did you hear the Aggies bought a thousand septic tanks?As soon as they learn to drive them, they'll invade Mexico.
What did the leper say to the prostitute? Keep the tip.
Did you hear about the Republican Fried Chicken fast food restaurant? All they serve are right wings and a**holes.
What is the difference between a rooster and a lawyer? The rooster clucks defiance.
What do you get when you cross a a rooster and a hoot owl? A cock that stays up all night.
Why did they kick the leper out of the restaurant? They had to keep changing the finger bowls.
What is the difference between a tribe of sly aborigines and a female track team? The first is a pack of cunning runts.
Why are there more Democrats than Republicans? Who wants a piece of elephant!
What did the hurricane say to the coconut tree? Hold on to your nuts---this is no ordinary blow job.
Did you hear about the prostitute that died and went to heaven? She traded her harp for an upright organ.
Why does the Easter Bunny hide his eggs? He doesn't want the world to know he's been making out with chickens.
What do you get when you cross a rooster with a telephone pole? A 40-foot cock that wants to reach out and touch someone.
Why don't midgets use tampons? They trip over the strings.
Did you hear about the elephant with diarrhea? It's all over town.
What do you call a leper in a hot tub? Soup.
Did you know production costs in the dairy business are high? A lot of expenses are in curd.
Watch out for lamp manufacturers. There are a lot of shady characters.
Did you hear about the guy who went bankrupt in the laundry business? He says he's all washed up.
What do you call a cow with only three legs? Lean beef.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
What did the elephant say to the naked man? "Can you breathe through that?"
Lawyers sometimes tell the truth. They'll do anything to win a case.
What do you call a row of rabbits that takes a step backwards? A receding hare-line.
What do you get when you pour scalding water down a rabbit hole? Hot cross bunnies.
What do you have when rabbits climb out of their hole? A hare-raising sight.
What did the topless dancer say when chastised about her profession? "It's better than being flat busted!"
When I fly on a jet, my ears pop a lot; it's an earry feeling.
Some parents believe that spanking a child is an important part of rearing a child.
Twins might best be described as womb-mates.
Did you hear the elephants at the circus are going on strike? They're tired of working for peanuts.
Did you hear about the fight in the lion house at the zoo? A lion called another a cheetah.  Personally, I think he was lion.
How do you keep an elephant from charging? Take away his credit card.
Did you hear about the animal hotel that has exclusive accommodations for squirrels? It's called The Nutcracker Suite.
What is the most vulnerable animal in the world? The frog.  When you touch it, it croaks. Put another way, one touch and it's toadalled.
Did you hear they are looking for someone to be in charge of potato snacks in the monastery? The job description will be:  Chipmonk.
Did you hear about the House-Senate conference committe considering legislation to decriminalize the use of marijuana? It's called the Joint Session of Congress.
What is the opposite of progress? Congress.
How can Congress trim the fat from Federal spending? By switching to lo-cal government.
The state of Missouri has vigorously tried to get some of the other states bordering on the Mississippi River to join in an urgently needed flood control project. This is because Missouri loves company.
The 200th anniversary of the founding of the buffalo sanctuaries will be marked by a Bisontennial celebration.
The Hawaiian Islands have many craters that were formed by volcanoes. You might say that the islands are full of ash holes.
Several years ago I came up with the idea of writing a play about the movement to eliminate pay toilets. I've been sitting on the idea for a number of years, but I feel I can stall no longer.
Why did God give women vaginas? Because sheep can't cook.
Why do mice have tiny balls? Very few know how to dance.
What do you get when you cross a kangaroo with a mink. A fur coat with pockets.
Why is money green? Because Jews pick it before it is ripe.
What is long, hard, round and full of seamen? A submarine.
How do you keep a turkey in suspense? I'll tell you tomorrow.
What is the difference between love and Herpes? Herpes is forever.
Where do prostitutes go for recycling? The Virgin Islands.
What's grey and comes by the gallon? Elephants.
What is the difference between an Aggie and a pizza? The pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven.
How many Jewish mothers does it take to change a lightbulb?None.  They'd rather sit in the dark and suffer.
What do you call a gay Jew? A Heblew.
How do we know Christ wasn't born in Italy? There are no virgins and they couldn't find three wise men.
Did you hear about the Aggies that were arrested in the Iranian zoo? They were trying to free the hostriches.
Did you hear about the two blind gay guys? You've got to hand it to them.
Why are all Jewish men circumcized? Because Jewish women go crazy over anything 20% off.
How many Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?None.  They screw in hot tubs.
Why don't Baptists screw standing up? They're afraid people might think they're dancing.
What's the difference between erotic and kinky? Erotic, you use a feather.  Kinky, you use the whole chicken.
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
There's no future in time travel.
Entropy isn't what it used to be.
Insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over.
"Criminal Lawyer"  is  redundant.
To you I'm an atheist; to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition.
When I was in school, I cheated on my metaphysics exam. I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
I have a rock garden.  Last week, three of them died.
He who laughs last is generally a bit slow.
Rings of Saturn are made entirely of lost airline luggage.
Disney World - a people trap operated by a mouse.
Hi, I'm a tagline. When I grow up I'm gonna be a novel!
Please reply if you don't get this message.
Circular definition: see definition, circular.
All generalizations are false.
I'm not as think as you drunk I am.
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
Rehab is for quitters.
I get enough exercise just pushing my luck.
Sometimes I wake up grumpy; Other times I let him sleep.
I took an IQ test and the results were negative.
Where there's a will, I want to be in it.
Few women admit their age;  Fewer men act it.
I don't suffer from insanity, I enjoy every minute of it.
IRS: We've got what it takes to take what you've got.
Time is the best teacher; Unfortunately it kills all its students.
A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory.
Give me ambiguity or give me something else.
i souport publik edekashun.
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder...
How do you make a hormone? Don't pay her. 
What lies at the bottom of the sea and whimpers? A nervous wreck.
What are the four words you don't want to hear while making love? "Honey, I'm home!"
Computer programmers don't byte, they nybble a bit.
Drive defensively - buy a tank.
What do dinosaurs have that no other animals have? Baby Dinosaurs. Where does a Tyrannosaurus sit when he comes to stay? Anywhere he wants to.
What did they call prehistoric sailing disasters? Tyrannosaurus wrecks.
Can you name 10 dinosaurs in 10 seconds? Yes, 8 iguanadons and 2 stegasaurus.
What do you call a dinosaur as tall as a house, with long sharp teeth, and 12 claws on each foot? Sir.
What do you call a dinosaur as tall as a house, with long sharp teeth, 12 claws on each foot and a personal stereo over his ears? Anything you like, he won't hear you!
What do you get if you cross a mouse with a triceratops? Enormous holes in the skirting board.
How can you tell if there is a dinosaur in bed with you? By the `D' on his pajamas. How do you know if there is a brachiosaurus in bed with you? By the dinosnores.
A cucumber and a tomato meet in a saladbar. Cucumber: Gee, how come you look so red? Tomato: I saw the salad dressing.
A bird in hand is safer than one overhead.
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
I stayed up all night playing poker with tarot cards. I got a full house and four people died.
The brain is a wonderful organ:  it starts working the moment you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get to school.
You'd be paranoid too if everybody hated you.
Cole's Law:  Thinly sliced cabbage.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
Duct tape is like the Force.  It has a light side, and a dark side, and it holds the universe together.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.
There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it were spread out it would completely cover the Sahara Desert.
It has been said that we only use 15% of our brain. I wonder what we do with the other 75%?
How much deeper would the oceans be without sponges?
I've got it!  I've got it!  Now, for the cure...
A juggler is just a schizophrenic playing catch.
Polaroids: what polar bears get from sitting on the ice.
D.A.M.N. - Naked Mothers Against Dyslexia
There IS intelligent life in the universe.  It ignores us.
Amish safe sex: painting an "X" on the cows that kick.
How long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on.
Vitamin C deficiency is apauling.
Science is what happens when preconception meets verification.
Electrical Engineers do it with less resistance.
Wanna hear a joke? Sleep. I know, I don't get it either
Do you smoke pot because weed be cute together
I just texted my girlfriend Ruth and told her it was over. I'm Ruthless.
Astronomers got tired of watching the moon go round the earth for 24 hours. So they decided to call it a day.
Is your name ariel, because I think we mermaid for each other.
Math jokes aren't funny. Nothing about math is funny. Math is a sin.
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet? Because they lactose.
How did I escape Iraq? Iran
Whenever I want to start eating healthy, a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers.
I just wrote a really awesome song about a fajita. Well it's more of a wrap really.
I wonder if earth makes fun of other planets for having no life.
I met a girl with 12 nipples today. Sounds fun, Dozen tit?
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it. I'm serious that Israeli how he does it.
You'd think that atoms bonding with other atoms would mean they're being friendly, but really they steal each other's electrons. How ionic.
You're telling me I need to study? No thanks, I'll pass.
My waitress threw sodium chloride at me. She was arrested and charged with a salt.
Why did the mushroom go to the party? Because he's a fungi! Why didn't he get in? There wasn't mushroom!
Where do astronauts go out for a drink? To the spacebar.
What did the thermometer say to the graduated cylinder? "You may have graduated but I've got hundreds of degrees"
If towels could tell jokes they would probably have a dry sense of humor.
I didn't like my beard at first but then it grew on me.
You're living, you occupy space and have mass. What does that mean? You matter.
How does Nasa organize a party? They planet.
I'd say fuck the wheather, but its definitely under 18...
I used to have a job crushing cans. It was soda pressing.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
What do you call a wizard who's running late for the Hogwarts Express? Hurry Potter.
I bought shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with but I've been tripping all day.
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.
When I drink alcohol, everyone says im an alcoholic. When I drink fanta, no one says I'm fantastic.
What did Barack Obama say to Michelle when he proposed? "I don't wanna be Obama self"
Did Snoop Dogg really change his name, or is Snoop Lion?
I heard that Oxygen and Magnesium are going out. I was like OMg.
A book fell on my head... I can't blame myshelf.
I wish I had a pair of skinny genes.
Mathematics teachers call retirement 'the aftermath.'
A chemistry lab is like a big party. Some drop the acid while others drop the base.
How much did Santa pay for his sleigh? Nothing, because it was on the house!
What do you call a fake macaroni? An impasta.
I told my friend 10 jokes to get him to laugh. Sadly, no pun in 10 did.
The invention of the shovel was groundbreaking.
What do you get when you cross a dyslexic, an insomniac, and an agnostic? Someone who lays awake at night wondering if there is a dog
What do you call bears with no ears? B
When u tryna be cheesy but everyone around u is laughtose intolerant.
Where would Voldemort go if he played the trumpet? Jazzkaban.
What do you call a lazy kangaroo? A pouch potato.
How do trains eat? They chew-chew.
What do you call a labrador that becomes a magician? A Labracadabrador.
My friend asked me to stop singing oasis songs in public. I said maybe.
I used to hate math, but now I realised decimals have a point.
I think my friend was built backwards. His nose runs and his feet smell.
How much room is needed to grow funghi? As Muchroom as possible.
Keep the planet clean, it's not uranus. 
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
Why was the Thanksgiving soup so expensive? It had 24 carrots.
What kind of music did the Pilgrims like? Plymouth Rock
The rotation of Earth always makes my day.
(p + l)(a + n)=pa+pn+la+ln. We just foiled your plan.
Chemistry jokes are Sodium funny.
I made a shirt out of thumb tacks because I wanted to look sharp, but everyone said it was tacky.
Sorry I'm poor, I can't afford to pay attention.
What did the biologist wear on his first date? Designer genes.
Are you flourine iodine and neon? Cause you are FINe.
Some guy just assaulted me with milk, cream and butter. How dairy!
Why do ghosts love elevators? Cause they lift their spirits.
A Physicist and a Biologist had a relationship, but there was no Chemistry.
Do you know why Frequency cannot love any more? Cause it still hertz.
What building isn't trustworthy? The lie-brary.
What did the scientist say when he found two helium atoms? HeHe
How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb? Two. (Hint:  They are small enough to fit inside).
How many Polacks does it take to change a light bulb?Just one, but you need 6000 Russian troops in case he goes on strike!
How many WASP's does it take to screw in a light bulb? Silly, WASP's don't screw in a light bulb, they screw in a hot tub.
How many Jewish American Princesses does it take to change a light bulb? Two.  One to pour the Tab, and one to phone Daddy.
How many Marxist's does it take to change a light bulb? None: The light bulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.
How many (Generals/Politicians) does it take to change a light bulb? 1,000,001. One to change the bulb and 1,000,000 to rebuild civilizationto the point where they need light bulbs again.
How many New Yorkers does it take to screw in a light bulb? None of your damn business!
How many Christians does it take to change a light bulb? Three, but they're really only one.
How many jugglers does it take to change a light bulb? One, but it takes at least three light bulbs.
How many Feminists does it take to change a light bulb? That's not funny!!!
How many supply-siders does it take to change a light bulb? None. The darkness will cause the light bulb to change by itself.
How many valley girls does it take to change a light bulb? Manual labor? Gag me with a spoon!
How many straight San Franciscans does it take to screw in a light bulb? Both of them.
How many Zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb? Two. One to change the bulb and one not to change it.
How many Carl Sagans does it take to screw in a light bulb? Billions and billions.
How many folk singers does it take to screw in a light bulb? Two. One to change it and one to write a song about how good the old light bulb was.
How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb? Two. One to hold the giraffe, and the other to fill the bathtub with brightly colored machine tools.
How many doctors does it take to screw in a light bulb? Three. One to find a bulb specialist, one to find a bulb installation specialist, and one to charge the bill.
How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb? None, the bulb will change itself when its ready.
What is the difference between a pregnant woman and a light bulb? You can unscrew a lightbulb.
How many managers does it take to change a light bulb? Three. One to get the bulb and two to get the phone number to dial one of their subordinates to actually change it.
How many Bratzlaver Chassidim does it take to change a light bulb? None. They will never find one that burned as brightly as the first one.
How many graduate students does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but it takes nine years.
How many professors does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but they get three tech reports out of it.
How many people from New Jersey does it take to change a light bulb? Three. One to change the light bulb, one to be a witness, and the third to shoot the witness.
Astronomers got tired of watching the moon go round the earth for 24 hours.So they decided to call it a day.
Butterflies are not what they used to be.
Don't join dangerous cults. Always practice safe sects!
Why is it called a "building" when it is already built?
I'm making a fruit salad and the recipe says Pineapples - Five cubed. Where on Earth am I going to get 125 pineapples?
We'll never run out of maths teachers.. because they keep multiplying.
Things are always easier said than done..Except for talking, that's pretty much the same really.
I've just been house hunting. One place had mirrors covering the walls of every room. I thought.. 'I can see myself living here'
What do you get when you cross a stream and a brook? Wet feet.
How is it possible to have a 'civil' war?
I received an email asking me to send trouser zips to the address provided.But I ignored it, sounds like they're fly phishing to me.
What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt!
I was so cold today that my jaw started to freeze..So I gritted my teeth.
I bought an off-road vehicle in a blind auction..Got it delivered and It was a canoe.
What's green and goes "Riggit Riggit" ?A frog with badly fitting false teeth.
What does Geronimo say when he jumps out of a plane?
I was going to quit all my bad habits for the new year, but then I remembered that nobody likes a quitter.
My news years resolution is to save up and buy a velcro wall..and I plan on sticking to it!
If you were born in September, its pretty safe to assume your parents started out the New Year with a Bang!
My news years resolution this year is to give up sexual innuendos.But it's so hard..
After hours of thinking I've finally decided on my new years resolution: 1920 x 1080
I had a fight with a snowman last night. He didn't last long....things got a bit heated.
I just pulled a Christmas cracker,erm.. There's a joke in there somewhere.
I got my wife the leg off a mannequin for Christmas. It's not her main present..just a stocking filler
What is Santa's favourite pizza?One that's deep pan, crisp and even.
What do you call a snowman with a suntan? A puddle.
Our kids always find their Christmas presents early, no matter where we hide them.So this year we've locked them in the attic..
I've been seeing someone behind my girlfriend's back..I think she's got a stalker.
I remember when my parents died, all they left me was a globe.. It meant the world to me.
If you ate pasta and antipasta, would you still be hungry?
Did you hear about the dumb woodworm?He was found dead inside a house brick.
My wife's head just spun around and then she vomited green slimeI've no idea what's possessed her.
A skeleton goes into a bar and orders a pint of beer and a mop..
Did you hear about the cobbler who made a satanic pact?He sold his sole to the devil.
Why didn't the skeleton go to the party?Because he had no body to go with.
A ghost walks into a bar and orders a shot of vodka. The bartender says "Sorry, we don't serve spirits here."
If you don't pay your exorcist you can get repossessed.
If a plane is an aircraft, does that make a broom a witchcraft?
Why did Dracula go to the doctors?Because of his coffin.
You feel stuck with your debt..If you can't budge it.
I was gonna nail a shelf to my wall, but then I thought Screw it!
What do you call a man who can't stop stealing? Nick.
I accidentally left an apple outside my local GP's surgery.Now he won't be able to get in.
I've just been given a pack of playing cards covered in strawberry jam..I'm finding them very had to deal with.
Sometimes I laugh so much that a bit of wee comes out. It's really starting to worry me..Why is wee coming out of my mouth?
I bloody hate flash mobs.One once kicked my door down and forced me to update my Adobe.
I took the rear view mirror out of my car, and since then..I've never looked back
My local butcher is seven foot tall and a size fourteen shoe.. what does he weigh? Sausages.
What do you call a man with a rabbit in his mouth?Warren.
My younger brother was named after my fatherA bit confusing when your brother is named 'Dad' though.
What do you call a man with a map on his head? Miles.
What do you call a woman who sounds like an ambulance? Nina.
Why did the football manager give his team lighters? Cos they kept losing all of their matches.
One Bear.(That's the bear minimum)
My uncle works for a company that makes bicycle wheels.He's the Spokesman.
I just got a Scottish sheep dog from the pound, but sadly my wife can't see it..She's collie blind.
What do you call a woman who stands straddling a river? Bridgette.
What's a twack? Something a twain wuns on.
I distorted a Tortoise earlier..Now it's just an Oise.
I keep having a recurring nightmare where I'm surrounded by loads of pregnant women in labour.I think I may be having a midwife crisis..
What's the definition of a snail?A slug with a crash helmet.
31 years ago today the doctor delivered me.I can't believe I've survived so long without a liver.
I work for the NHS dealing with moving patients between different areas of the hospital..It's a re-warding job.
I've just been outside helping a guy in a black robe with a scythe clear the frost off his car. I was de-icing with death.
My grandfather puts horse manure on his rhubarb..I prefer it with custard.
My pet mouse 'Elvis' died last last..He was caught in a trap..
I just saw on the news'Missing girl found safe'What I wanna know is..Could she crack it?
What do you call a man who comes in through the letter box?Bill.
What's small, brown, hairy and wears sunglasses?A coconut in disguise.
Did you hear about those new corduroy pillowcases? They're making headlines..
My dog is named Minton. Today he ate a shuttlecock.. Bad Minton!
To be frank..would involve changing my name.
How do you make a squirrel cry? Pinch it's nuts.
2B or not 2B. That is the pencil.
What do you call a run down Italian neighbourhood?The Spaghetto.
Did you hear about the astronaut who stepped on some chewing gum? He got stuck in Orbit.
The rotation of the planet Earth really makes my day!
What kind of moron invented the fire blanket? Surely fire is warm enough already?..
I thought opening the door for a lady was the polite thing to do..but she just screamed and flew out of the plane..
I had a go at parachuting today.I went to the local airfield and said, "Stupid parachute morons jumping out of bloody planes"
I bought a battery powered clock  today.When I got home, I noticed that they had given me the wrong one.I thought "This is a wind up!"
Why was the robot mad? Because people kept pushing its buttons.
I just got back from a very emotional wedding.. Even the cake was in tiers.
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it.
I was arguing with my girlfriend in Nando's when my best mate ran off with the garlic bread and coleslaw. I wish he would stop taking sides.
Why are there fish at the bottom of the sea? Cos they dropped out of school.
How did a fool and his money get together in the first place?
Why can't a bicycle stand on it's own? Cos it's two tired.
Why did the golfer wear two pairs of trousers? In case he got a hole in one!
A policeman asked me to come down to the station for an interview...I haven't even applied for a job there!
My mate just came fourth in a Body-Snatching contest. I told him "It's not the winning, it's the taking parts that counts"
What's the best way to catch a rabbit?Hide in the bushes and make lettuce noises.
A mysterious hole has been found in the local nudist camp wall. The police are looking into it.
Two vultures board an airplane, each carrying two dead raccoons. The stewardess says: "Sorry, gentlemen, only one carrion per passenger."
Why did the banana go to the hospital? Because he wasn't peeling well.
Some people have a way with words, Others not have way.
The universe implodes... No matter.
The invention of the shovel was ground-breaking.
Why did the orange stop? Because it ran out of juice.
I just found out that 'Aarrgghh' is not a real word.I can't even tell you how angry I am!
What's yellow and square?A tomato in disguise.
My mate walked into Carphone Warehouse, held the manager at gunpoint and made her top up his mobile phone for free.Full credit to him!
What do you call a sleepwalking nun?A roamin' Catholic.
How do you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator?You will see one later and one in a while.
"Vodka! Whiskey! Tequila!" I call the shots!
I got kicked out of my local music shop after asking about a Coldplay song. I was clearly looking for Trouble.
If a pig loses its voice, does it become disgruntled?
I was trying to explain the concept of Twitter to my friend. But she finally said "I don't follow you"
Where are average things built?In the satisfactory.
A huge section of tree just broke off and demolished a bank in town. I've no idea which branch it was though..
Where do boats go when they are sick? The dock.
Did you hear about the vampire bicycle that went around biting people? It was a vicious cycle.
After a bad day I came home to find that somebody has ripped the front and back pages from my dictionary.It just goes from bad to worse.
How come there is no other name for thesaurus?
What do you say if you're talking to God... and he sneezes?
To whoever invented the zero..Thanks for nothing.
Me and my limbo team go way back.
Apparently our local Police station has had it's toilet stolen. Police have nothing to go on.
I've taken up speed reading. I can read 'War and Peace' in 20 seconds. It's only 3 words but it's a start.
I was going to do a joke about a germ, But I wouldn't want to spread it around.
Why does a hummingbird hum? Because it doesn't know the words.
I had a threesome with a scalene and an isosceles.It was a love triangle.
A small boy swallowed some coins and was taken to hospital. His Mother phoned to ask how he was and the nurse said, 'There's no change yet'
Why didn't Noah just swat those two mosquitoes?
What happens if you go on a survival course..and you don't pass?
I don't want to sound big headed but I wear a size XXL hat.
Whose cruel idea was it for the word 'lisp' to have an s in it?
I was going to do a joke about construction.. but I'm still working on it.
What do you call a sheep with no head and no legs? A cloud.
I got my child to sleep last night by just repeatedly saying 'bursary'.It was the only nursery rhyme I could think of.
My Doctor gave me something to treat my haemorrhoids. But personally, I'm not so sure they deserve a treat.
I was gonna tell a joke about a roof, but it would probably go over peoples heads.
Whoever put the letter 'b' in the word 'subtle' deserves a pat on the back.
I ordered a hotel wake-up call the other day. The phone rang and a woman's voice said, "What the hell are you doing with your life?"
When I found out that my masseuse is also a prostitute, I was relieved.
I start my new job in Seoul next week. I thought it was a good Korea move.
A duck was about to cross the road, when a chicken came running and said "No don't do it! You'll never hear the bloody end of it"
Gambling has brought our family together. We had to move to a smaller house.
I never make mistakes, I thought I did once.. but I was wrong.
Never iron a four leaf clover. You don't want to press your luck.
What did the rug say to the floor?Don't move, I've got you covered.
My dog chased a kid on a bike, So we took away his bike.But he kept barking.So we gave it back.Because his bark is worse than his bike.
There's now a record number of male hairdressers in this country. More evidence of our society's descent into barberism.
I had some time to kill..So I started with the mother in law.
I was gonna do a joke about unemployment.. but it needs some work.
My family think I spend too much time doing dot-to-dot puzzles, but it's okay..I know where to draw the line.
I had to quit my job at the shoe recycling factory. It was sole destroying.
My ex-wife hated my obsession with horoscopes. It taurus apart.
Last night I punched my mates lights out..and got electrocuted.
My grandfather died recently, He spent his final years as a regular user of facebook..We won't see the likes of him again.
I bought an answering machine today but I think it's broken.I've asked it loads of questions but nothing's happening.
I've made loads of money selling my version of Polo that don't have a hole in the middle.I've made an absolute mint.
A boat builder is showing his son one of his forests. He turns to him and says, "Son, one day all this will be oars"
Jokes about German sausage are the wurst.
I've just been spending some time at my wifes grave..She still thinks I'm digging a garden pond.
I just saw a sign in a shop'Mosquito nets £10'. It turns out he won it on a scratchcard.
My wife and I are having a competition to see who can steal the most dog related stuff from our local petshop..I've just taken the lead.
I used to be a wrestler, I would get a guy in a head lock and write my name on their forehead..It was my signature move.
This annoying guy on the bus wouldn't stop asking questions about how the journey would end. So I told him where to get off.
I've just saved a ton of cash on the latest iPhone. I didn't buy one.
My wife just said I was ignorant..Nonsense! Why? I don't even know the meaning of the word!
I tried sniffing coke once..and got an ice cube stuck up my nose.
I just ate some mustard and had the strangest feeling that I had eaten it before. Dijon vu..
There was an earthquake near the Galaxy chocolate factory this morning..It sent ripples through the whole building.
There are two things that always make me jump..My legs.
I used to live in a normal house.. but then steps were taken to make it into a bungalow.
I just bought a TV remote control with three buttons. I was surprised they let me pay with buttons.
6:30 is the best time on a face clock..Hands down!
I just love helium..I can't speak highly enough about it!
My mate keeps boasting that he owns a 3 foot pack of cards. Big deal.
I just spent half hour grilling some chicken..but it still wouldn't tell me why it crossed the road!
I hate it when people mix their metaphors, I mean come on people! It's not rocket surgery!
Two cows in a field, one says"What do you think of mad cow disease?"The other cow replies "Won't affect me, I'm a helicopter!"
Sticks and stones may break my bones..I should probably drink more milk.
I'd love to be a juggler. But I haven't got the balls.
What happens if you get scared half to death twice?
I've trained my dog to bring me a glass of red wine. It's a Bordeaux collie.
If corn oil is made from corn.. and vegetable oil is made from vegetables.. what is baby oil made from?
My wife is such a looker..She's brilliant at hide and seek!
The woman next door keeps flashing me from her upstairs bedroom window.I've no idea how she got the car up there though.
I don't believe in spanking my children. I find that waving a gun around works just as well..
Drilling for oil is boring.
I can see five years into the future. I have 2020 vision.
Why don't owls go on dates when it's raining? Because it's too wet to woo.
My wife said that I only ever want sex with her when I'm drunk.That's not true!.. I usually want a kebab as well.
I used to be a bodybuilder..or 'The Dr Frankenstein Grave Robber' as the press preferred to call me.
Why do people always say that nothing rhymes with orange? When it doesn't!
I really need to finish my essay on the wind..At the moment it's little more than a draft.
I just bought my wife a length of rope with a bucket on the end. I'm sure it'll go down well.
Ever since I started trying to relive my youth at childrens playgrounds..My social life has been on the slide.
As I sat watching my dad draw his final breath I realised..We make a crap pictionary team.
ApproverypriateSorry - that was very in appropriate.
Standing in the paint aisle at the DIY centre always brings a tear to my eye. I can't help but get emulsional.
I've been asked out by a number of hot women in my time. 0 is a number, right?..
Some annoying guy in the pub was shouting that he couldn't understand how to get outside. Needless to say, they showed him the door!
The local kids are all scared of the custard and jelly covered house at the end of our street. I've no idea why, it's obviously desserted.
Relationships are a lot like algebra.Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?
I'm great at multitasking. I can waste time, be unproductive and procrastinate all at once.
I have ten arms, eight legs and 22 feet. what am I? A liar.
Did you hear about the two bed bugs who met in the mattress? They got married in the spring.
I buy a different brand of cling flim each time I go shopping.Just to keep things fresh.
What are the advantages of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.
Not bragging but guess who got a record deal today?..3 cds for £1.. Bargain!
Always remember that you are unique..Just like everyone else.
I just saw a great documentary about how ships are kept together. It was riveting!
I just gave my girlfriend a ring and proposed....that we break up. Then I put the phone down on her.
Time flies when you're throwing watches.
A duck goes into a shop and asks for a tube of ChapStick. The Cashier says "That'll be £1.50 please.The Duck says "Just put it on my bill"
I haven't slept for three days, Because that would be too long.
Why do all these people with laser hair want to get it removed?
When my mate gave me a leaflet about anger management..I lost it.
Frozen sculptures are okay..Icy pose.
I didn't do too well in the pub quiz the other night..I know nothing about pubs.
Keep the dream alive.. Hit the snooze button.
I just got hit by a rental car. It Hertz.
My grandfathers funeral has cost us over £14,000 so far..I knew it was a bad idea to bury him in a rented suit.
Did you hear about the poker player who lost his arm and got a prosthetic replacement? He's finding it hard to deal with.
What's the definition of a microwave? A flea saying goodbye.
I slept right through the alarm this morning. Good thing it was only a small fire.
Me: "Doctor! Doctor! I feel like a pack of cards!" Dr: "Sit down and I'll deal with you later"
I just got back from my mates funeral, He was killed by a tennis ball. It was a cracking service.
How do you stop a dog from barking in the back seat of a car? Put it in the front seat.
What is the same size and shape as an elephant yet weighs nothing? An elephants shadow.
What do you call a woodpecker with no beak? A headbanger.
Did you hear about the burger van that crashed into the casino? There were chips everywhere.
In a fight, I can beat anybody with one hand.. The guys with two hands are always more difficult though.
I hated my job as an origami teacher..Too much paperwork.
A number 12 walks into a bar, The barman says "Sorry but we can't serve you, you're clearly under 18"
Why can't a leopard play hide and seek? Because he's always spotted.
Why are there so many Smiths in the phone book? Cos they all have phones.
When we were kids, we couldn't afford toys, holidays or even school uniforms..So our parents paid for them.
I asked my gym instructor if he could teach me to do the splits.He said "How flexible are you?". I said "I can't make Tuesdays".
Which month has 28 days in it? All of them.
Why are four legged animals bad dancers? Cos they have two left feet.
Today is an incredible day for mankind.. for today I will rewrite history. history.
Why couldn't the pirate play cards? Because he was sitting on the deck.
My new job as a taxidermist is pretty boring.. All I do is sit around and stuff.
People always say that tattoos are a great way of preserving precious memories. In case you forget that anchor.. or your Mothers name.
What do Rhinoceroses have that no other animal on earth has? Baby Rhinoceroses.
Why can't the human ear detect a dog's whistle? Because dogs can't whistle.
I asked God for a bike, but then I realised God doesn't work that way..So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
I don't mean to be pedantic, but does anyone actually have the 'Ghostbusters' number?
Why was the computer tired when it got home from work?Cos it had a hard drive.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot?A carrot.
Why did the tomato blush?Because it saw the salad dressing!
My indoor clothes dryer broke this morning..It was the end of an airer.
I don't know why anyone would ever want a pocket calculator.. It's really easy to count how many pockets I've got.
My new girlfriends definitely a keeper.. She stinks of elephant dung!
I struggled to lift a bottle of water earlier.. It was an Evian.
My girlfriend just told me she's really randy.. Devastated to find out she's actually a bloke.
I once encountered a bear in the woods and accidentally played Dad instead of dead. Now it can ride a bike without stabilisers.
I arranged to meet someone last night for some No Strings Attached fun.. I was bitterly disappointed when Pinocchio turned up.
A woman walks into a bar and asks the barman for a double-entendre. So he gives her one.
What do you call the kid who finally stands up to the bullies? An ambulance.
My wife walked out on me after I blew our life savings on a penis extension..She said she just couldn't take it any longer.
Mary had a little lamb, and then she had dessert.
What's big, green and has a trunk? An unripe elephant.
I just got a car for my wife. Great swap!
People keep telling me I've got a good head on my shoulders..I wish they'd stop pointing out that I haven't got a neck.
I read in the paper that you can support a child in Africa for just £20 a year. So I sent my kids there.
My father died of exhaustion after winning the Tour de France,I told him not to do a lap of honour...
What's round and bad-tempered? A vicious circle.
Thieves have broken into my house and stolen everything except my soap, shower gel, towels and deodorant. The dirty bastards!
I keep imagining I'm holding an invisible pack of cards,No one knows what I'm dealing with.
There are countless films without dracula in them..
I had to shut down my lesbian poultry dating agency. I was struggling to make hens meet.
I've no idea why my dog always goes mad whenever someone comes to the front door..It's hardly ever for him.
How do birds see what's behind them?By looking in their wing mirrors.
"Doctor Doctor, I keep thinking I'm a cat." "Oh really, how long have you felt like this?""Ever since I was a kitten."
My mate just showed me his amazing new wind turbine..I was blown away!
Never get behind the Devil in a Post Office queue..For the Devil has many forms.
I told my wife she'd look better with her hair back. She was furious!I guess it was wrong to say that to a woman who's gone bald.
I just love the F5 key on my keyboard. It's so refreshing.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke has gotten him for Christmas? He felt his presents.
I just hit 180 going down the M6 and people told me car darts was a bad idea..
'Age is just a number'. Nonsense! It's quite clearly a word!
My best mate died after taking an 'E'. The security at the Countdown TV studio don't mess about!
My father didn't love me as a child. Not surpirising really, I wasn't born until he was an adult.
Did you hear about the pancake that went on a killing spree? He just flipped.
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving probably isn't for you.
Our old sofa felt terrible.. but now it's fully recovered.
I bought a new thesaurus today. It's okay I suppose, nothing to write house about.
Here's a bit of advice for you. Advi.
I have the attention of a goldfish. It's been staring at me for a few minutes now.
I was hanging with a group of friends this morning when I realised.. I probably shouldn't have joined a suicide cult.
My doctor told me to drink a glass of wine after a hot bath..but I couldn't even finish drinking the hot bath!
My wife caught me in bed with an optical illusion.I told her it's not what it looks like.
I went to a record shop and I asked 'What have you got by The Doors?' He said: 'A bucket of sand and a fire blanket!'
My wife just served me dinner, she made a terrible mess. I told her she'd be better off using a tennis ball.
I just drove my car to a 4x4 specialist..It turns out the answer is 16.
What do you get if you cross a motorway with a wheelbarrow? Run over.
I waited for my wife to leave then went upstairs and slipped on a pair of her knickers. I wish she wouldn't leave them lying around like that.
I've just finished filling my tank with petrol.. Now all my goldfish are dead.
So sick of my best mate laughing at my virginity.. After joking about it for the 100th time..I finally lost it with him!
My mate has a butler with a missing left arm, serves him right.
I think my local dry cleaners can repair my trousers, or at least sew it's seams.
My girlfriend cried the day I proposed to her on an escalator. It was moving.
My girlfriend kept going on about how much she loves drunken holiday sex.. Worst postcard ever!
Why can't hedgehogs just share the hedge?
I have a £50 note but it's made of metal..I think it may be forged.
Why don't Arctic foxes eat penguins? Cos they can't get the wrappers off.
My friend had amnesia and couldn't remember how to walk up the stairs, So I had to go back and teach him step by step.
My wife accused me of having an affair with a girl from Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch. How could she say that?
My mate told me that his wife could do with losing a few pounds. So I mugged her.
She sells sea shells by the sea shore..Surely that's the worst possible place to try and sell shells..
I used to be a tap dancer, but I kept falling in the sink.
I've been revising for a practical exam on pest control. I was up all night swatting.
My grandfather was a baker for the army. When he went to war, he went in all buns glazing.
I couldn't decide wether or not to sell my bed. So I slept on it.
Man: Doctor Doctor I keep thinking I'm a wigwam and a tepee. Doctor: Calm down, you're two tents.
I've fallen in love. Were the last words I heard from my wife as she went overboard.
How do you make a Venetian blind? Poke him in the eye.
I love my alarm clock. It's the reason I get up in the morning.
I cannot help being lazy. It walks in the family.
I was gonna throw all of my socks in the bin, but I got cold feet.
A man walks into a bar wearing a tie fastener. The barman says, "Sorry, we don't like your tie-pin here."
Why was the mortgage sad? Because it was a loan.
My dad just came first in a drag race. I had no idea a man could run so fast in a cocktail dress and high heels!
What do you call a penguin in the desert? Lost.
Weighing an elephant is just like weighing a human..But on a much bigger scale.
I've decided to marry a pencil,I can't wait to introduce my parents to my bride 2B.
I rang the council to ask if I could have a skip outside my house. They said "You can cartwheel down the street for all we care"
I'd like to go to Holland one day. Wooden shoe?
At school we discussed the great rulers. I opted for the Helix 30cm shatterproof.
My grandfather was ill so the Doctor told us to try covering him with lard..He went downhill pretty quickly after that.
How do you make a sausage roll? Push it down a hill.
My mate dug a hole in the garden and filled it with water...I think he meant well.
My wife reckoned she could sing more football terrace songs than me.  But I beat her easily. She had no chants.
How did the prawn meet his girlfriend? On the net.
If I make you breakfast in bed, A simple 'Thank you' is all I need. Not all this 'Who are you and what are you doing in my house?' Nonsense.
Police are looking for a mugger who threatens his victims with a lit match. They need to catch him before he strikes again.
My best mate was a hairdresser. He passed away recently, but at least he died doing what he loved..Dying.
I've just bought a border collie.The one I already had wasn't bored enough.
This guy just had a go at me for scratching his CD, so I ripped him a new one!
Some guy just came to the door saying he was collecting for the local childrens home, so I gave him my kids.
I've just seen the new Batman trailer. I prefer the Batmobile.
My wife has no hands. I feel for her.
How do you make a hot dog stand? Steal its chair.
I've decided to stop wearing glasses. Cos it makes me look harder.
When I'm in America I drive on the right side of the road, which is of course the left.
I'm against public protests, but I don't know how to show it.
Wanna hear a knock-knock joke? Okay, Two guys walk into a bar..
The word 'Gnba' really makes me angry. It's bang out of order!
My last wish with the genie was either for a brilliant memory or a huge penis. I forgot which one I chose.
When I found out that my toaster wasn't waterproof. I was shocked!
I used to earn a living doing backing vocals. I can still remember the words "This vehicle is reversing".
A Priest and a Rabbi walk into a bar. The bartender looks at them and says "Is this some kind of joke?"
I come from a long line of Conga dancers.
My sister just had a baby boy, they've decided to call him Mark, but with a C. Cark
To Err is Human, to Arrr is Pirate!
Do you ever get half way through eating a horse and you realise you weren't as hungry as you thought?
I don't know why I bought this new coconut shampoo. I haven't even got any coconuts.
I called up a takeaway and said "do you deliver" They said "No, we do lamb, chicken or fish"
Who's in charge of the hankies? The handkerchief..
A nose walks into a bar. The barman says "Sorry sir but I can't serve you....You're clearly off your face"
I'm currently writing a mystery novel. Or am I?
My local Balti house has a wardrobe that leads to a magical land. Naania.
I'm in a heavy metal band. I play lead..
My mate is a professional jester, but he's currently out of work. He's nobody's fool!
On holiday with my wife and I cannot believe how tiny and revealing her bikini is. The colour suits me though.
A contestant just accused me of being an unfair gameshow host. Point taken!
Two inmates escaped from prison, one is 6'9 the other is 3'4. Police are hunting high and low.
I just stole a guys wallet and he chased me for almost three miles. I gave him a good run for his money.
What do you call a girl who sets fire to her credit card statements? Bernadette.
I just finished my degree in ballet. I got a 2:2.
I went to the library and asked if they had any books on kittens. The librarian replied "No sorry, all of our books are on shelves".
Why does a flamingo lift up one leg? Because if it lifted both it would fall over.
I left my girlfriend because she wouldn't stop counting. I wonder what she's up to now?..
The last time I saw my sister was at an Oasis concert. I was standing in the croud shouting "Go Oasis Go!". I haven't seen her since.
A man had 33 bulls and 33 cows Each pair had a calf. He thought he now had 99 cattle, but he had 100. When he rounded them up.
I've spent all day looking for my cat with one eye..I should have used both eyes really.
I just got a hair cut. Now I'm thinking about getting all the others cut too.
I've decided to take the day off today. From now on it will simply be known as 'To'
My wife accused me of having OCD. I soon put her in her place.
Elvis Presley was clearly illiterate. It's L for Las Vegas, Not V!
Wanna know what really makes my blood boil? Crematoriums.
I've no idea why my new plug in air fresherner won't work. I plug it in and switch it on. Nothing! It just doesn't make scents.
What do you use to make a walrus smooth? Seal irons.
I said to the doctor "Can you give me something for my liver?" So he gave me a pound of onions.
How do you make Anti-freeze? Hide her blankets.
My wife and I were happy for 23 years. Then we met.
It takes balls to be a transvestite.
Did you hear about the one legged sumo wrestler? He was a total pushover.
My Dad lost his job at the cemetary after burying someone in the wrong hole. Grave mistake!
So what if school doesn't teach us how to get a job or raise a family? At least I know the whole periodic table of elements!
I just got the morning post and one envelope read 'Photographs Do Not Bend'. Liars! I folded it in half really easily!
Once I get a few drinks inside me, I find there is one thing I cannot stand. Up.
Me and my mates were at an Indian restaurant and some guys started throwing rice at us. So we threw rice back at them. We had a pilau fight.
I'm terrified of skipping ropes, bungees and trampolines. They make me jump.
My ex wife was deaf, she left me for a deaf friend. I should have seen the signs.
Not happy with my camping trip travel insurance. Apparently If someone steals my tent in the night, I'll no longer be covered.
For my next trick, I will eat a musical instrument in a bread bap. Drum roll please.
Two naked oiled up women just burst in my house and started wrestling with my wife. Luckily, I was able to knock one out.
Every time I try to pour a round of drinks it ends up all over the floor. I think I need glasses.
I almost had a threesome last night. I just needed two more people.
Waited in line for hours outside the club last night whilst the doorman checked ID's. He was taking ages.
'I' before 'e' except after 'c' has been disproved by science.
My favorite exercise is a cross between a lunge and a crunch. It's called a Lunch.
Today I have officially been sober for 100 days. Not like, in a row or anything. Just in total.
I'm so poor that I've been forced to eat my mates herb garden. I'm living on borrowed thyme!
What do we want? Another question! When do we want it? Thanks!
Sean Connery is 84 Roger Moore is 87 Pierce Brosnan is 61 Daniel Craig is 47Ooh yeah. I'm really into Bond age.
I think my mate from the Greater Manchester area may be a transvestite. He has a Wigan address.
I just read a book about Stockholm Syndrome. It was pretty bad at first, but I ended up really liking it.
My son starts school on Monday and is so scared of being picked on. I guess it's my own fault for calling him 'Someoneyourownsize'
So you're here for crap jokes? Well check this one out! one.
I have kleptomania, but it's okay. I'm taking something for it.
I have an EpiPen, My best mate gave it to me as he lay dying. It seemed very important to him that I have it.
I just bought an awful cheap thesaurus. Not only is it awful, it's awful!
A man in a pub asks for a pack of helicopter-flavoured crisps. The barman says "Sorry mate, we've only got plane"
What can think the unthinkable? An itheberg.
I've decided to sell my vacuum cleaner. It was just gathering dust.
I went through 3 whole magazines at the doctors earlier. I would have kept on killing but they wrestled the gun away from me.
When my wife found out I'd replaced our bed with a trampoline She hit the roof.
Me and my mate were fighting over which was the best vowel. I won!
I like to get around town in a giant hamster ball. It's just how I roll.
'I'm sorry' and 'I apologise' mean the same thing. Unless you're at a funeral.
I hate it when I'm on the treadmill and my hand accidentally hits the stop button and I get off and eat a bacon sandwich.
I just took the 6 o'clock Birmingham train. The people from the train company were furious and made me give it back.
First rule of Thesaurus Club. You don't talk, converse, discuss, speak, chat, deliberate, confer, gossip, utter...
How do you stop moles from digging up your garden? Hide their spades.
My love life is like a pack of cards, first it was all hearts and diamonds. Now I'm after a club and a spade!
I just got a new ringtone. This anal bleaching really is good!
When someone is bothering you, remember, it takes 42 muscles to frown..but only 5 muscles to pull a trigger.
There was a strike at work today! But then that's not unusual when you work in a bowling alley.
I just got a job as a street cleaner. No training, they said. I'd just pick it up as I went along.
Do hot blondes get pop-ups saying, "A 37 yr old ugly virgin from Solihull wants to have sex with you"?
Dont make fun of fat people, they have enough on their plates.
The good thing about life is that even if you're crap at it, you're guaranteed at least two certificates.
My doctor has a great sense of humour. He leaves me in stitches.
A plateau is the highest form of flattery.
I've started taking steps to cure my alcoholism. It hasn't worked, I've just got loads of angry window cleaners after me.
My doctor told me I had high blood pressure, I took this news like I do everything else. With a pinch of salt.
I've lost loads of weight this month! This whole 'not having any money for food' thing is really working out well.
I can't believe how dangerous the world is. Just yesterday, I went into a McDonalds toilets and mugged someone.
I've always had a difficult relationship with my parents. When I was first born I didn't speak to them for 2 years.
What's the difference between pink and purple? The grip.
What stands in a field and goes "Oooooh!"? A cow with no lips.
If I asked you to sleep with me, Yes or No. Would the answer to that question be the same as the answer to this one?
I've been engaged quite a few times, but never took the plunge. There have been quite a few near Mrs.
"The doctor removed my left ventricle and atrium," Tom said halfheartedly.
When the wheel was invented. It started a revolution.
The invisible man married the invisible woman. Their kids were nothing to look at.
Two years ago I asked my dream girl on a date. Today I asked her to marry me. She said no on both occasions.
I was gonna go hiking in the hills with my mate Max, but he refused to go. He's a real anti-climb Max.
I've been hard at work all day. I had no idea viagra lasted so long!
Why was the detective fired after the peanut factory robbery? Cos he refused to deal with a nut case.
Describe yourself in three words. 1) Lazy 2) 3)
My doctor told me that I needed to watch my drinking. So now I drink in front of a mirror.
Who's the coolest person in a hospital? The ultra sound guy.
How many oranges grow on the average orange tree? All of them.
Einstein developed a theory about space. And it was about time too!
What do you call a woman sat under a cow? Pat.
Velcro. What a rip-off!
I was gonna send my awful 'Fish in Herb Sauce' back to the chef. But I'm not sure sure if it's the thyme or the plaice.
What do you call a man who always wins? Victor!
"Torture me" said the masochist. "No" the sadist smiled.
We once had Johnny Cash, Bob Hope and Steve Jobs.  Now we have no Cash, no Hope and no Jobs. Please don't let Kevin Bacon die!
I went back this girls place and she had a 10-foot lightswitch. It was a massive turnoff!
What do you get if you jump into the red sea? Wet.
I couldn't stay awake at work. I kept falling asleep and dreaming I was the Michelin man. I was very tyred.
I've just had a ploughman's lunch. He wasn't very happy about it.
Two cows in a field, one says "moooooooooooo". The other cow says "Damn.. I was gonna say that!"
How do you make a horse drink? Put it in a blender.
Where there's a will, there's a relative.
I took my wife's family out for tea and biscuits. They weren't too happy about having to give blood though.
My computer just beat me at chess. Beat its ass at kickboxing though..
My house cleaner is getting really annoying. She keeps asking me to move out and says she wants a divorce.
I bought my wife a desk-lamp for her birthday, her face is really gonna light up when she sees it.
I have enough money to last me the rest of my life. Unless I buy something.
A man walks into a bar with a roll of tarmac under his arm and says "Pint please, and one for the road"
I told my doctor that I broke my arm in two places. He told me to stop going to those places.
The man who survived mustard gas and pepper spray is now a seasoned veteran.
I wonder what 'DON'T TOUCH' is in Braille?
I walked down a street and the houses were numbered 64K, 128K, 256K, 512K and 1MB.It was a trip down memory lane.
All in all... it was a good orgy.
I've got 22 notches on my bedpost. It's not easy trying to stab somebody in the dark.
I just love the smell of Grandma's cooking. So I set fire to an old peoples home.
What was more useful than the invention of the first telephone? The second telephone.
The label on my biscuits said "Store in a cool place "So I mailed them to Samuel L Jackson's house.
When is it bad luck to have a black cat cross your path? When you're a mouse.
Our chemist was robbed of its stock of Viaga yesterday. Police are on the lookout for a gang of hardened criminals.
I found out recently that my wife had an affair with a dwarf. I can't believe she would stoop so low.
As a masochist I enjoy getting up at 3am and having a cold shower. So I don't.
Ancient Chinese Proverb: Man who run behind car get exhausted.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
My ex-wife had my name tattooed on her boob, but she had it removed. I've been erased from her mammary.
Two cats named 123 and Une-Deux-Trois swam across a river. 123 Cat made it but Une-Deux-Trois Cat Sank.
What's ET short for? Cos he's only got little legs.
I was once arrested for resisting arrest. I still don't know how.
What kind of key opens a banana? A monkey!
I walked into a bar with my pet newt. The bartender asked 'What's that thing? Its tiny' 'I know, Its my newt'
During which battle was Lord Nelson killed? His last one.
Two men fighting in a restaurant. One threw a prawn cocktail at the other and said. "That's just for starters"
I'm going to buy some velcro for my shoes instead of laces. Why knot?
Had a massage today, I came away in a foul mood. They rubbed me up the wrong way.
I call my wife treasure, cos she looks like she's just been dug up.
I was sat in traffic the other day. Got hit by a car.
Nobel Peace Prize, I'd kill for one of those!
"My career is in ruins!" said the archaeologist.
Is it 'I will RUN through a camping site'? Or 'I will RAN through a camping site'? (Cos it's past tents)
I'll never forget my granddad's last words..He said 'That bus is going quite fast'.
I've always wanted to be a doctor, but I've never had the patience.
My wife broke up with me recently because I'm a compulsive gambler. But I intend to win her back.
The past, the present and the future were having an argument. It was tense.
My Grandma died on her 100th birthday. It was a real shame as we were only half way though giving her the bumps.
I just bought some expensive venison. It's dead deer.
A mummy covered in chocolate and nuts has been discovered in Egypt. Archaeologists believe it may be Pharaoh Roche.
I met my wife on the net. We were both terrible trapeze artists.
Did you hear about the cat who swallowed a ball of wool? It had mittens.
I remember how much things changed when my last girlfriend got pregnant. Like my name, address and telephone number.
My wife wanted to be taken out somewhere expensive, so I took her to a petrol station.
I heard women love a man in uniform, so I got a job working at McDonalds.
Why do sharks swim in salt water? Because pepper water makes them sneeze.
What do you cal a fly that has retired? A flew.
How do you keep an idiot in suspense?
What ended in 1887? 1886.
What's blue and looks like a bucket? A blue bucket. What's red and looks like a bucket? A blue bucket in disguise.
My grandfather had his tongue shot off in the war. He never talked about it though.
Did you hear about the fire at the circus? It was in tents!
Why did the baker have dirty hands? Because he kneaded a poo.
I intend to live forever or die trying!
A girl I fancy just phoned me and said, "Come on over. There's nobody home." I went over. Nobody was home.
I was having a dip at the swimming pool when the lifeguard asked, 'What have you got there?' I replied 'Hummus'
I fought a guy on some moving stairs today, we started arguing at the bottom and things just escalated from there!
My doctor said my constant diarrhea was a problem caused by genetics. It runs in my genes.
My local theatre is showing a play called 'The Dictionary'. It's a play on words.
If you loiter in a Tibetan holy leader's sandwich shop, You dilly dally in the dalai's deli.
I arranged a pessimists meeting today, it wasn't a great turn out. The room was half empty.
Did you hear about these new reversible jackets? I'm excited to see how they turn out.
No matter how much you push the envelope, it will always remain stationary.
Did you hear the joke about the three holes in the ground?. Well, well, well!
What do you call someone who points out the obvious? Someone who points out the obvious.
Research shows that 6 out of 7 dwarves aren't Happy.
What did the green grape say to the purple grape? Breathe damnit breathe!
How do you confuse a moron? 16.
Mary Rose sat on a nail Mary rose.
I don't like birthdays. Too many will kill you.
I took my tomcats to get neutered today. No hard felines.
What's the difference between a well dressed man on a tricycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle? A tire.
Our ice cream man was found slumped in his van, covered with hundreds and thousands. Police say that he topped himself.
My mate just spent £30 on a chicken that doesn't lay eggs. Cock.
What's red and bad for your teeth? A house brick.
I poured spot-remover on my dog and now he's gone.
Why did the dinosaur cross the road? Because the chicken joke hadn't been invented yet.
Comic Sans walks into a bar. "Get out of here!" shouts the barman. "We don't serve your type."
Who will take the second shot in the pub snooker game? We'll find out after the break.
I think my brother is heading for another breakdown. He's an AA man.
Just got a text 'I'm so dirty. I need you to do me right now'. Unfortunately it was from the dishes in my sink.
Why did the bacteria cross the microscope? To get to the other slide.
I met somebody at work today called William Hill. What are the odds?
What do you call a guy who lives in a bush? Russell.
What do you call a man in a slow-cooker? Stu.
I went to the supermarket to buy some ingredients to make soup, but they were out of stock.
I take steps to avoid lifts.
I took a poll recently and 100% of people were annoyed that their tent had fallen down.
I was so upset the day I found my first grey hairs. I thought I'd dye.
I'd like to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather. Not screaming like the passengers on his bus.
Why can't T-Rexes clap their hands? Cos they're extinct.
I hate being manic depressive. It's great!
California has the highest rates of depression and adultery in America. Such a sad state of affairs.
What do you call a man who lives in a back street? Ali.
The local convent has no security around the building, so I helped myself. No fence. Nun taken.
You've seen one shopping centre. You've seen the mall.
I named my Iphone "Titanic". It's syncing now.
My dog went to the flea circusand stole the show.
Just saw a sign'Mute budgie for sale - Not going cheap'.
I never let my children listen to jazz or classical music. It's full of sax and violins.
I've got a perfect chicken proof garden. It's impeccable
I just saw a man and woman at the supermarket wrapped in a barcode. I thought "They must be an item".
Whenever I see a sign that says 'keep off the grass'. I wonder how it got there.
What do you give to a sick lemon? Lemon aid.
I ate the CRAZIEST snack at the pub last night. It was nuts.
I asked the cashier at the window of the service station for a Galaxy. She came back with a Milky Way.
I was once cast as Oliver in a silent interpretation of Oliver Twist, It was brilliant. I couldn't ask for more!
Games that involve throwing a 2 kilo circular object as far as possible have no place at the Olympics. Discus.
Words cannot express how limited my vocabulary is.
Why did the Mexican push his wife off the cliff? Tequila!
Met a girl in the club last night, she said "Take me home and I will do literally anything you want." Best omelette EVER!
A cowboy walks into a German car showroom and says "Audi".
I saw a sign in a second hand shop 'Half price TV - no volume control' I thought "I can't turn that down!"
I need a filling, but I've been to the dentist before so it's okay. I know the drill.
What do you call a guy in a lot of debt? Owen.
I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised!
I used to be addicted to the Hokey Pokey, but I turned myself around.
Where does a cucumber go to get drunk? A salad bar.
Did you hear about the agnostic, dyslexic, insomniac? He stayed up all night wondering if there is a dog.
Say "poo" and your mouth does the same motion as your anus. The exact same can be said for "violent explosive diarrhoea"
I've just been on a positive thinking course. It was crap.
The worst pub I've ever been to was called The Fiddle. It really was a vile inn.
Why do Marxists drink herbal tea? Because proper tea is theft!
What's green and climbs walls? An overly ambitious cucumber.
What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer? The taste.
When Dad died I vowed not to follow in his footsteps, I'd take a different path. In fact I'd avoid minefields altogether.
Police are after the 'knitting needle nutter' who's stabbed 6 people. They believe he's following some kind of pattern.
I've spent the last 3 years looking for my ex-wife's killer. Still can't find anyone to do it.
How many immature people does it take to change a lightbulb? Your Mother!
Build a man a fire, keep him warm for a day. Set a man on fire, keep him warm for the rest of his life.
Mirror inspector. Now there's a job I could really see myself doing!
How do snails fight? They slug it out.
I used to be addicted to soap. But now I'm clean.
I used to be attention seeking, but look at me now!
I can see no end, I have no control, I have no home and there's no escape. Definitely need a new keyboard.
What do you give to the man who has everything? Penicillin.
Why didn't the teddy bear eat his dessert? Because he was stuffed.
I just saw a guy in the pub carrying 12 pints of lager. I thought, that guy can really hold his drink.
I booked an Asian prostitute last night, but she arrived two hours late. She loved me wrong time.
When people ask why I'm still single. I tell them I'm single by choice. Unfortunately, it's not my choice.
I guess you heard about me weeing in the newsagents yesterday? It was all over the papers.
A limbo dancer walks into a bar and loses the competition.
I don't drink alcohol for religious reasons. I drink it for other reasons.
I'll never forget what Grandma said before she kicked the bucket. She said "Look how far I can kick this bucket".
I had to quit my job at the orange juice factory. I just couldn't concentrate.
Keyring: A handy little gadget that allows you to lose all of your keys at once.
It must be difficult to judge a wet t-shirt contest. I saw one and all the t-shirts looked equally wet.
I recently lost my grandfather. That's the last time I take him to Ikea!
I had to quit my job fitting tyres at the garage. I just couldn't handle the pressure.
"Now, how's he gonna read that magazine all rolled up like that?" thought the spider.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? Aye matey!
What did the hat say to the scarf? "You hang around - I'll go on a head."
My parents divorced because my mother had an affair with a demolition man. Home wrecker!
I was so excited when the hosepipe ban was lifted. I wet my plants.
My mate just lost his job at the pet shop. The boss caught him with his hand in the trill.
I went to a seafood disco last week. Pulled a mussel.
Last night I dreamt that I was the author of Lord of the Rings. I was Tolkien in my sleep.
A new horror film. A sadist traps snowmen and forces them to melt bits of themselves to escape. Thaw.
I put my clothes on the line earlier. I think my gambling addiction has gone too far.
Went to the barbers today and had a no. 2. I thought it was just a fart but I ended up following through.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
I've just been assaulted by a troupe of mime artists. They performed unspeakable acts on me!
I phoned a helpline about my weak bladder problem. It's 1p a minute.
I hate jokes that rely on visual imagery. I've had it right up to here with them.
Why do birds fly south for the winter? Cos it's too far to walk.
Why don't oysters give to charity? Cos they're shellfish.
I'm not happy with the results of my cheap circumcision. It was a total rip-off!
What's made of brass and sounds like Tom Jones? Trombones.
I went to the local zoo but all that they had was one small dog. It was a Shih Tzu.
A mute incontinent. Goes without saying.
I used to be in a band called 'Missing Cat'. You probably saw our posters.
I'm terrified of negative numbers. I'll stop at nothing to avoid them.
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger. Then it hit me!
Someone stole my mood ring. I'm not sure how I feel about it.
What's green and fuzzy and if it fell out of a tree would kill you? A snooker table.
I hate Russian dolls. They're so full of themselves.
It takes a lot of balls to play golf the way I do.
Today I accidentally sent a naked pic of myself to my entire address book. Cost me a fortune in stamps.
I'm giving away my roof for free It's on the house!
I went to the doctors with a strawberry growing on my bum. The doctor said "I've got some cream for that"
Whatever you do in life, always give 100%. Unless you're donating blood...
What do you call a man with a car on his head? Jack.
I took a urine test at the hospital today. My kleptomania is really getting out of control.
A dentist and a manicurist had a terrible fight. It was tooth and nail.
Two pens had a race. The result was a draw.
There was a young Man from Peru, whose limerick stopped at line two.
Lately I've been feeling a void in my life. It's probably nothing.
I was gonna tell a joke about a cookie. But it's too crummy.
What do the films The Sixth Sense and Titanic have in common? Icy dead people.
If vegetarians love animals so much then why do they keep eating their food?
Our house doesn't have enough electrical sockets. It's a real power struggle.
I used to be a plastic surgeon. That raised a few eyebrows.
Why have elephants got big ears? Cos Noddy won't pay the ransom.
What's pink and slippery? A slipper.
I don't know why this bottle of whiskey tastes so good, but I'm going to get to the bottom of it.
If I had a penny for every time someone gave me their dog to look after. I'd have a pound.
I occasionally enjoy having my steak undercooked, but that's rare.
Every time I get undress in the bathroom the shower gets turned on.
I was raised as an only child, which really annoyed my sister.
What do you call a man with a car number plate on his head? Reg.
My son took his first steps this morning. The window cleaner was furious.
I say no to alcoho, but it never listens.
I took an airline to court over my missing luggage. They lost the case.
An E-Flat, a G-Flat and a B-Flat walk into a bar. The barman says "sorry but we don't serve minors".
Don't you hate it when people answer their own questions? I do.
My fake plants died because I forgot to pretend to water them.
Whats small red and whispers? A hoarse radish.
Women only call me ugly until they find out how much money I make. Then they call me ugly and poor.
My friend drowned in a bowl of muesli. He was pulled in by a strong currant.
Dentists are going on strike: brace yourselves.
I love Dry erase boards. They're remarkable.
Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippie? Because he was too far out.
My pencil isn't prone to making Freudian Slips, but my penis.
Two silk worms had a race. It ended in a tie.
My mate is just not the same since he almost drowned in a vat of lemon juice. It's left him very bitter
What do you call a man with cat scratches all over his head? Claude!
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know and I don't care.
I'm addicted to brake fluid, but I can stop any time I want.
I do a ton of sit-ups every morning. That snooze button really gets a hammering.
The first time I got a universal remote control, I thought to myself "This changes everything".
Went to a fancy dress party last night dressed as a loaf of bread. The birds were all over me.
I just got back from the corner shop. Bought some corners.
What do you call a guy with no arms or legs. On the floor? - Matt. In the sea? - Bob In a hole? - Phil
How do you stop a bull from charging? Take away his credit card.
I was so upset the other day by an out-of-body experience. I was beside myself.
I Slept like a baby last night. I shit myself and woke up screaming.
It's "Jamaican hairstyle day" at work tomorrow. I'm dreading it.
Someone very close to me died the other day. Luckily the bus wasn't full so I just changed seats.
Sometimes I use long words I don't fully understand. To try and make myself sound more photosynthesis.
I got to work this morning to find a lump of Plasticine on my desk. I don't know what to make of it.
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.
What do you call a Bear that's missing an ear? A 'B'
My crazy mate just jumped into a river in Paris. He's in Seine.
What's black and white and eats like a horse? A Zebra.
I'm making a show about two detectives who solve crimes over the phone. It's called Star Key and Hash.
My mate just lost both hands in a horrible accident. I can't even begin to imagine how he feels.
What do you call a woman with one leg shorter than the other? Eileen.
The only time incorrectly isn't spelled incorrectly is when it's spelled incorrectly.
My toothpaste gets jealous when I try to use other brands. It's ultra-sensitive.
I met a girl in town who told me she'd show me a good time. Then she ran 100m in 9.69 seconds.
After a recent accident, I managed to save loads of money on my car insurance. By driving away really quickly.
There's no "I" in Denial.
A cement mixer collided with a prison van. People are warned to be on the lookout for 15 hardened criminals.
My dog just chased some kid on a bike, I had no idea my dog could even ride a bike.
Financially I'm set for life. As long as I die next Thursday.
I dated a girl with a lazy eye, but it didn't work out. She was seeing someone else on the side.
What do you call a row of boxers stood side by side? A punchline.
The doctor who did my circumcision was terrible. He got the sack.
I forgot to go to the gym today. That's 7 years in a row now.
An old lady at the bank asked if I could help her check her balance. So I pushed her over.
Did you hear about the elf that got pick-pocketed? How could anyone stoop so low?
I have decided to write all my jokes in capitals from now on. This one was written in London.
My wife laughed when I told her I was going to make a car out of spaghetti. She soon shut up when I drove pasta.
Did you hear about the dyslexic rock star? He choked to death on his own Vimto.
What do you call a man with a seagull on his head? Cliff.
My friend told me today that I don't understand what irony is. Which was ironic, because we were at a bus stop.
How do you make a cat flap? Throw it off a cliff.
What word becomes shorter when you add letters to it? Short.
Why don't snakes have balls? Because they're terrible dancers.
Why don't boxers have sex the night before a fight? Because they don't fancy each other.
I'm a virgin for religious reasons. God made me really ugly.
Sometimes I put my head between my legs and lean forward. That's just how I roll.
I thought if I took the shell off my racing snail it would go faster. If anything it seems more sluggish.
I just recently ended a 5 year relationship. It's OK though, it wasn't my relationship.
What has four legs and goes boo? A cow with a cold.
Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff. Ba dum tish!
I was trying to fix my computer when I got a bad shock off the processor. It megaHz.
If you ever get attacked by a circus, go for the juggler.
Last night my mate and I watched all 3 'Lord of the Rings' movies back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
I can jump higher than the average house. Because the average house can't jump.
My best mate told me to treat his house as if it were my own. So I sold it.
Why don't cannibals like clowns? Cos they taste funny.
It's difficult for me to say what my wife does for a living. She sells sea shells by the seashore.
I was struggling to work out how lightning works. Then it struck me.
I was gonna tell a joke about pizza, but it's too cheesy.
I stayed up all night wondering where the sun had gone. Then it dawned on me.
..and the Lord said unto John "Come forth and receive eternal life". But he came fifth and won a toaster.
What do you call a girl standing between two goal posts? Annette.
How do football players cool down during a game? They stand near the fans.
I've been thinking about selling my John Lennon memorabilia on eBay. Imagine all the PayPal.
I'll never tell anyone that I'm secretly addicted to eating glue. My lips are sealed.
How many people who are terrible at telling jokes, does it take to change a light bulb? To get to the other side.
A hypnotist once convinced me I was a soft, malleable metal with the atomic number 82. I'm easily lead.
A book just fell on my head. I've only got my shelf to blame.
What do you call a kid with one arm, buck teeth, a monobrow and an eyepatch? Names.
I was gonna tweet a really good joke but the stupid autocorrect on my phone keeps ruining the lunchtime.
I got my hair cut yesterday. At first I didn't like it, but it's growing on me.
I just saw some guy chatting up a cheetah. He's trying to pull a fast one.
Whoever stole my copy of Microsoft office, I will hunt you down and I will make you pay. You have my word!
The wife insists we need more garden furniture. Not sure if I agree. I'm on the fence.
I never go to funerals. I'm just not a mourning person.
Why doesn't Mike Tyson play Playstation? He's an Xboxer.
Two fish in a tank. One says to the other; "You man the guns and I'll drive"
I don't know why, but someone keeps mysteriously adding soil to my allotment patch each night. The plot thickens.
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says 'Sorry we don't serve food in here'
Why couldn't the sesame seed leave the casino? Because he was on a roll.
What's round and bad tempered? A vicious circle.
If you have a referee in football, what do you have in bowls? Cornflakes.
On which side do chickens have the most feathers? The outside.
I went to the doctors the other day and asked if he had anything for wind. So he gave me a kite.
Slept like a log last night. Woke up in the fireplace.
Why was Cinderella kicked off the football team?Because she kept running away from the ball.
I cleaned the attic with the wife the other day. Now I can't get the cobwebs out of her hair.
What's brown and sticky? A Stick.
Why did the yogurt go to the art exhibition? Because it was cultured.
I won't rest until I find a cure for Insomnia!
Did you hear about the red ship that crashed into the blue ship? All of the sailors were marooned.
What sound does a nut make when it sneezes? Cashew!
Did you hear about the overly sensitive burglar? He was always taking things personally.
I put a wooden desk and a blackboard in my living room. I wanted to make it look more classy.
I spent most of last night in jail. Couldn't roll a double for the life of me.
I stubbed my toe in a library once. I had to suffer in silence.
I've just stolen loads of swimming inflatables. I'd better lilo.
Which word in the Dictionary is always spelled wrong? Wrong.
What do you call a deer with no eyes? No idea. What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? Still no idea.
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
Why is an elephant big, grey and wrinkly? Cos if it was small, white and smooth it would be an aspirin.
What cheese is made backwards? Edam.
What do you call a Boomerang that doesn't come back? A Stick.
What's white and can't climb trees? A Fridge
Knock, Knock. Who's there? Chester. Chester who? Chester Drawers.
Knock, Knock. Who's there? Euripides. Euripides who? Euripides trouser, you menda these trousers.
Knock, Knock. Who's there? Thistle. Thistle who? Thistle be the last time I knock.
Knock, Knock. Who's there? Tuna. Tuna who? Tuna violin.
Knock, Knock. Who's there? Adder. Adder who? Adder big breakfast this morning.
Knock, Knock. Who's there? Francis. Francis who? Francis next to Germany.
Knock, Knock. Who's there? Dishes. Dishes Who? Dishes just another bad knock knock joke.
Knock, Knock. Who's there? Disguise. Disguise who? Disguise d' limit !
Knock, Knock. Who's there? Radio. Radio who? Radio not, here I come!
Knock, Knock. Who's there? Yah. Yah who?I didn't know you were a cowboy.
Knock, knock. Who's there? Woo. Woo who? Don't get so excited, it's just a joke.
Knock, Knock. Who's there? Panther. Panther who? Panther what you wear under your troutherth.
Knock, Knock. Who's there? Control freak. Now you say control freak who!
Knock, knock. Who's there? Dismay. Dismay who? Dismay be a bad joke but I think it's funny.
Knock, knock. Who's there? Cargo. Cargo who? No Car go vroom vroom.
Knock, knock. Who's there? Nobel. Nobel who? No bell so I had to knock.
Knock, knock. Who's there? Wooden Shoe. Wooden Shoe who? Wooden Shoe like to hear another joke?
Knock, knock. Who's there? Alex. Alex who? Alex the questions around here!
Knock, knock. Who's there? Hawaii. Hawaii who? I'm fine thank you Hawaii you?
Knock, knock. Who's there? Dumbell. Dumbell who? Dumb bell doesn't work so I had to knock.
Knock, knock. Who's there? Adore. Adore who? A door is between us. Open up!
Knock, Knock. Who's there? Europe. Europe who? Don't call me a poo!
Knock, Knock. Who's there? Doughnut. Doughnut who? Doughnut ask, it's a secret.
Knock, knock. Who's there? Hatch. Hatch who? Bless you!
Knock, knock. Who's There? Impatient Cow. Impatient Cow wh...Mooooo!
Knock, Knock. Who's There? Boo. Boo Who? No need to cry it's just a joke
Knock, Knock. Who's there? Dishes. Dishes who? Dishes the Police come out with your hands up.
Knock, Knock. Who's there? A Pile-Up. A Pile-Up Who? Ewwwwww
Knock, knock. Who's there? Old lady. Old lady who? Wow I didn't know you could yodel.
Knock, knock. Who's there? Dwayne. Dwayne who? Dwayne the bathtub, I'm dwowning.
Knock, knock. Who's there? Ivor. Ivor who? Ivor sore hand from knocking!
I'm going on a blind date tonight. I hope our dogs get on.
Went to a chemist yesterday and said to the pharmacist "Excuse me I'm after some condoms" "Just a minute" he replied. I said"Yes thats them"
Have you heard about the new super sensitive condoms? They hang around after the man leaves and talk to the woman.
What gets longer when pulled, fits between breasts, Inserts neatly in a hole and works best when jerked? A seatbelt.
I got an email today from a '32 year old bored housewife, looking for some action'. I've sent her my ironing, that'll keep her busy!
I've been getting anonymous texts from someone telling me to shower, comb my hair and brush my teeth. I think they might be trying to groom me
FOR SALE: Packet of Polo's. Unopened mint condition.
Yesterday I found out that my toaster isn't waterproof. I was shocked.
People ask if I still enjoy sex at 45?! I live at number 57, so it's not far to go
Going to see Peter Pan again tonight. Never gets old.
Tea is for mugs.
A bloke was shagging his overweight missus, when his phone rings."You'll have to ring me back mate, I'm in the tub" he said.
Ketamine - just say neigh.
What's the best thing for a hangover? Drink loads the night before.
I drove past my gran's house this morning and saw 11 pints of milk on her doorstep. I thought, 'she must be thirsty today'
How much does a grand piano cost? £1000
My dad used to say: "Always fight fire with fire". Which is probably why he got thrown out of the fire brigade.
I'm not saying the wife's fat, but she puts her belt on with a boomerang.
My Mrs has been told she'll have to lose weight if she wants to become pregnant.I told her.
What's big, grey and doesn't matter? An irr-elephant.
My wife said that I'll find any excuse to drink. Speaking of beer...
Female wanted, must have own pub. Apply with inn.
If it's got tits or wheels, sooner or later you're gonna have problems with it.
I said to my wife:"If you lick my balls I'll come". She said; "Fuck off, you're coming shopping with me whether you like it or not!"
What's green and smells of pork? Kermit the frogs fingers!
The Mrs is just like Heather Mills. She only wears half the shoes she buys!
I recently lost my job as a teacher. I got caught shagging the ugliest teacher in the whole school. Gross Miss Conduct
My doctor reckons I'm paranoid. He didn't say it, but I know he's thinking it.
Over 90% of people over 60 believe that we show less respect to others than we did in the past. Silly old fuckers!
My uncle was jailed for his beliefs. He believed you could wank on the bus.
Why do men die before their wives? They want to.
My wife is temperamental. 50% temper, 50% mental.
Wife to husband: "let's go out and have some fun tonight". Husband: "OK, but if you get home before I do, leave the hall light on"
My grandfather gave me some sound advice on his deathbed. He said "It's worth spending money on a good set of speakers"
What's worse than a cardboard box? Paper tits.
Local news: 'Amputee robber evaded police for 15 days'. That's amazing, considering he wasn't armed.
What do you call an aardvark that's just been beaten up? Vark.
I was recently on safari in the Serengeti and witnessed two male male lions shagging. I thought "blimey, have they got no pride?"
I always call out my wife's name during sex. Just to make sure she's not around.
Did you hear about the man who fell asleep at the wheel? There was a terrible mess, clay everywhere...
Did you hear about the terrible accident at Spaghetti Junction? Twelve people were injured, and three pastaway.
What's the last thing that goes through a fly's mind when it his a windscreen? It's arse!
The Mrs got in the shower with me this morning. She said "Mmm baby I want you to do bad things to me". So I put shampoo in her eyes.
I told my cat I was going to teach him to speak English. He looked at me and said "Me how?"
I'm very good at remembering random facts. For example, there are 3,500 different types of lice. And that's just off the top of my head.
Never have a tactical wank before sex! Trust me, I learned that the soft way.
My mates laughed at me because my girlfriend is imaginary... Jokes on them, they are too!
My Mrs has recently started eating sofas, it's weird... But then again she's always had a suite tooth.
My wife is so ugly she spent 5 hours in the beauty salon... Just getting a price.
How do frogs die? They Kermit suicide.
I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen!
There are only 3 things that tell the truth: 1 - Young Children 2 - Drunks 3 - Leggings
Last night in bed, my wife said we should try some role reversal. So I said I had a headache.
I thought that pulling the shell off my racing snail would help it move faster. If anything it became more sluggish.
Why do squirrels swim on their backs? To keep their nuts dry!
My girlfriend laughed at me when I said I had a car made from spaghetti. You should've seen her face when I drove pasta.
I think my spell Czech is broken.
Just bought a suit made from cactus.I look pretty sharp in it.
My wife is very big in fashion. She's a size 22.
I saw a woman wearing a t-shirt with "Guess" on it. I said "Implants?"
2 Thai birds asked me to join them for a threesome. It was just like winning the Lottery. We had 6 matching balls.
Guess who I bumped into in the opticians today? Everybody.
I felt like I was on the voice today! I farted on the bus and 4 people turned around.
An Arab offered me 40 camels for my wife. Unfortunately, I don't smoke.
Marriage is a relationship where one person is always right and the other is the husband.
Some people think there are insects on the Moon. Lunar tics.
Never get stuck behind the Devil in a Post Office queue! The Devil can take many forms.
Always follow your dreams. Except for that one where you're naked at work.
Did you hear about the guy who bought a sponge door? Can't knock it.
A kitchen knife and a spoon had a race. Who won? Neither, it ended in a drawer.
Never moon a werewolf.
If it wasn't for blinds, it would be curtains for us all.
Thought I could hear onions in the fridge singing beegees songs... Turned out it was the chives talking
My boss has just warned me that he has received complaints I'm a pervert. To be honest, I don't understand why, as I'm always hard at work
My clever friend said that onions are the only food that can make you cry. So I threw a coconut in his face.
A funeral was held today for the inventor of air conditioning. Thousands of fans attended.
Got thrown out a strip club last night for using monopoly money. I don't see why I should pay real money to see fake boobs.
Just spent the last hour tightening every bottle top and jar in my house. That will teach my wife for saying she doesn't need me anymore.
My wife broke up with me recently because I'm a compulsive gambler. All I can think about is how to win her back.
I went up to the manager in Argos today and I said, "I want to buy a watch.""Analogue?" he said. I said, "No mate, just a watch."
Yesterday a clown held a door open for me, I thought it was a nice Jester.
Mexican friends? I have Juan or two.
What do you call a monkey in a minefield? BABOOOOOOM!
Do not trust atoms. They make up everything.
Isn't it great to live in the 21st century? Where deleting history has become more important than making it.
I hate being bipolar, it's amazing.
What do women and Google have in common?  They both can't ever let you finish a sentence without making a suggestion.
I just opened a kitchen cupboard and loads of Omega 3 capsules fell on my head. I'm alright though, just some superfishoil injuries.
My girlfriend from Thailand said having a small dick is no problem. I really like her, but I think I'd still prefer it if she didn't have one.
Whenever it rains, my wife just stands at the window looking kind of sad. Maybe I should let her in.
A boat carrying red paint has crashed into a boat carrying blue paint. The crew have been marooned.
Its not my fault I have a double-chin. When God was giving out chins, I thought he said Gin. So I said I'll have a double.
My wife told me to prepare our ginger son for his first day at school. So I beat him up and took his dinner money off him.
Took the wife's Valentines present back today. She said she wanted something black and lacy. Turns out she didn't mean football boots.
My sister asked me if I wanted to wind her new born baby? I thought that's a bit harsh so I just gave him a dead leg instead.
I cant think of any boat jokes. Canoe?
What should you do if your girlfriend starts smoking? Slow down and consider lube.
Have you heard about the evil group of men who control all the world's cheese? The Hallouminati!
Went to a butchers to play poker last week. Left after an hour, the steaks were too high.
Man jumps in a taxi says "King Arthur's Close". Taxi driver says "Don't worry I'll lose him at the lights".
I called my dad from the shop saying I'd forgotten what orange juice he asked for. "Concentrate" he said, but I still couldn't remember!
I just bought some of that coconut shampoo. I don't know why, I've not got a coconut.
Want to hear a construction joke? I'm working on it.
Did you hear about the Italian chef with a terminal illness? He pastaway. Cannoli do so much. Now hes just a pizza history.
As its Valentines Day, the missus has said she'll go on top tonight for a change. I love our bunk beds!
There's been an explosion at a pie factory in Huddersfield. 3.14159265 dead.
I'm in trouble with my wife after she asked where I was taking her today? It seems that over the coffee table was not what she wanted to hear.
Is it better to have loved a midget, than never to have loved a tall?
Today I looked at my wife and thought: This is the only investment which has doubled in my lifetime.
Learning to love yourself is important. Just don't let your partner catch you doing it!
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
Got the missus a new bag and a new belt for Valentines Day. She'll be made up! The hoovers as good as new now.
What did one light bulb say to the other on Valentine's Day? I love you watts.
What gifts do squirrels exchange on Valentine's Day? Forget-me-nuts.
Just been on to travel agents looking for a weekend away somewhere in the Northeast. They said you can't beat Sunderland this time of year.
My wife said our marriage is becoming stale because I'm not spontaneous. So I waited until she fell asleep and shaved her eyebrows off.
Our last fight was my fault. My wife asked, "What's on the TV?". I said "Dust!".
Breaking News Adam Johnson is set to sign for Man United, after hearing they have players Young, Blind and Keane.
Ugly birds are just like shopping at Pound Stretcher. You wanna be in and out quickly, before your mates see you!
Even though I've been married for five years I still can't help thinking about the one that got away. My wife's ex. What a lucky bastard.
I have SEXDAILY! I mean DYSLEXIA. Fcuk!
I heard the funniest time travel joke tomorrow.
I almost forgot to update my status that I'd been to the gym. What a waste of a workout that would have been!
I've just won 8 straight games of Paper, Scissors, Rock, against that very predictable Edward Scissorhands.
The amount of people who confuse 'to' and 'too' is amazing two me.
What's the difference between a dog and a fox? About 9 pints
"You haven't listened to a word I've said, have you?" Always seems like a strange way for my wife to start a conversation with me.
Just found out I have a Chinese half brother after all these years. Can't wait to meet Mi Sib Ling.
I was watching porn last night when my mum walked in. Not the best way to find out what she does for a living.
I love cooking children and dogs. but I hate using commas.
I finally told my girlfriend that "I Love Her". She text backing saying "I luv u2". I was gutted, I thought what does Bono have that I don't
What's long and hard and makes women groan? An Ironing Board.
If women are so perfect at multi-tasking. How come they can't have a headache and sex at the same time?
We call our grandad "Spiderman". He hasn't got any super powers - he just finds it difficult to get out of the bath.
I can give you one vegetable joke about onions. But that's shallot.
Went for a job as a potato packer. Ended up getting the sack.
Why did the joke about the roof get no laughs? It went over their heads.
My brother says I need to stop quoting Run-D.M.C., but it's like that, and that's the way it is.
I know a man who taught his dog to play the trumpet on the London Underground. He went from Barking to Tooting in an hour.
I was playing rugby the other day and thought I'd scored a goal. But everyone just said nice try.
We've been trying to think of some vegetable jokes. If you can think of any, lettuce know.
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's time consuming.
Harry heard that most accidents happen within two miles of home. So he moved...
Men at 26 plays football, Men at 40 plays tennis, Men at 60 plays golf, have you noticed every time you get older, your balls gets smaller?
I've been single for so long now, when somebody says to me, 'Who are you with?', I automatically say: 'Vodafone'.
Andy Murray has the perfect opportunity to finally get rid of his miserable boring persona! All he has to do is name his new daughter Ruby.
I started a band called 999 Megabytes We haven't got a gig yet.
When you get a bladder infection, urine trouble.
There was a prison break and I saw a midget climb the fence. As he jumped down he sneered at me. I thought, well thats a little condescending.
I can't believe it's pancake Tuesday again. Honestly, it just crêped up on me.
My wife asked me to bring home some stuff for the pancakes. She wasn't happy when I came back with a push up bra.
Lazy People Fact #5626728943: You were too lazy to read that number.
As I watched the dog chase his tail, I thought "Dogs are easily amused.". Then I realized I was watching the dog chase his tail.
What do you do if your wife keeps moaning at you? Put the phone down and order another drink from the bar.
My mother-in-law got ambushed by 6 men who starting punching her. My wife shouted 'Are you gonna help?', I said '6 should be enough!'
I remember the days when 'Blue Ray' was an elderly gentleman who drowned in our local swimming pool.
Found out recently that my wife had an affair with a midget. I can't believe she would stoop so low.
My recent Google searches: How to detangle my daughter's hair. How to detangle a really, really bad tangle. How to cut out a tangle. Hats.
Why is abbreviation such a long word?
I had an argument with my friend about his small boat. We fell out.
The new milk tray man from Liverpool, has been sacked after one day on the job. He delivered the chocolates, but left with a PS4, ipad and TV.
Did you hear about the midget who speaks to dead people that broke out of prison? The police are describing him as a small medium at large.
Went to the annual disco for the UK Dyslexic Association last night. Was great until the DJ played YMCA and then it was fucking mayhem.
Butterflies just aren't what they used to be.
My Wife has grown a little penis after she started taking steroids."Really, anabolic?" "No, just a little penis".
I wrote 'DIVORCE', my wife wrote 'YES'. Tough way to find out, but at least I won our last game of Scrabble.
I think I've cured my wife's fear of being buried alive. The screams stopped about an hour ago.
People think I'm stupid, because I have a lisp. I'm thick of it.
The good thing about marriage is that you can have sex at anytime you want. As long as you are the one with the vagina.
What do you call an Alien who eats too much cheese, egg yolks and animal fat? An extra-cholesterol.
About to watch a film with my girlfriend. Can anyone recommend a girlfriend?
I absolutely hate my mother-in-law. She's actually quite a nice person, but she brought my wife into the world.
Leicester are offering Man city fans a great offer on walkers crisps. It's buy one, get 1-3.
I was shopping with the wife for a present for her mother. She said she wanted something electric. I suggested a chair.
Maybe we should tone it down a notch. The neighbours changed the name of their wifi network to;"We can hear you having sex".
My girlfriend left me because she says I only ever think about football. I'm gutted, we'd been together for nearly three seasons.
You put 2 fingers in. Maybe 3, if it's big enough. Oh yeah, now that's how you wash a mug.
My wife says I'm spoken for.
Two reasons why I don't drink toilet water. Number 1: Number 2
My girlfriend disliked my obsession with Japanese food, Sushi left me.
A British prisoner has squeezed 4 smuggled mobile phones out of his arse. All chargers have been dropped.
I met my wife at speed dating. She was livid.
How much did it cost the pirate to get his ears pierced? A buck an ear.
Just had a look when Sinead O'Connor was last trending on Twitter. It's been 7 hours and 15 days.
It's really difficult to find what you want on eBay. I was searching for cigarette lighters but found over 15,000 matches
Mrs and 3 of her pals squeezed into my car after weight watchers. I muttered "fat cows". The Mrs snapped "What was that!?". I said "You Herd"..
I took the mother in law out the other night. I love being a sniper.
Paddy on a 1st Aid Course Instructor asks: "What do you do if your child swallowed the front door key?". Paddy: "Climb through the window!".
Did you hear about the fella who had five cocks? His undies fit like a glove.
Mary has 24 cupcakes she eats 9 at lunchtime, then she eats another 6 at dinner time. What does Mary have now? Diabetes
I pulled a proper fit bird Saturday night! Part Mexican and right up for it. She told me she was dyslexic. I said get your taco, you've pulled!
No means no, unless she's dyslexic. Then it's on!
The wife said she wanted to go and see Jeremy Kyle Live for her birthday. So I got her sister pregnant! We're on next Wednesday!
Just had a nice chat with my neighbours teenage daughter. Turns out she's right into UFOs. Which is handy, as she's getting abducted tomorrow.
The wife complains that I don't take any interest in our children. That's the last time I offer to pick up the fat one from school!
20 seconds left on the microwave! Women:  Set the table, pour the wine, tweet, check Facebook. Men: Start a NASA rocket launch countdown.
I've just phoned and reserved a table to take the Mrs out on valentines night! She will be raging, she hates snooker!
When I was young I used to think Earwigs actually lived in your ears! You can imagine how terrified I was of cockroaches!
I've just found out that the guy that stole my journal has died. My thoughts are with his family.
My sex doll and I have been together for exactly a year today. To celebrate our anniversary, I decided to get her a book: Sex tips for Dummies
I can get you 5000 tampax for a fiver. No strings attached.
Spent all of my wages on skin cream. Bit of a rash decision!
Stevie Wonder was given a cheese grater for his birthday. He said that was the most violent book he'd ever read!
Went to a swinger's party last night in my army uniform. Had to leave my khakis in the bowl.
My parents used to beat me with a phone. I was always on the receiving end.
Beware of alphabet grenades! They could spell disaster!
RomeoandJuliet.doc is a play on Word.
Exercise bikes get you nowhere.
You know you're ugly when a boiling kettle won't even give you a whistle.
My wife said she's leaving me because she can't handle my OCD. "Close the door ten times on your way out," I said.
I hate all this terrorist bollocks! Gone are the days when you could look at an unattended bag on the tube and think, I'll fucking have that!
My wife bought a sheepskin burka for the cold weather.She looks like mutton dressed Islam.
To the thief in the wheelchair who nicked my camouflage jacket. You can hide but you can't run.
Dim light bulbs or bright light bulbs? Watts the difference.
My wife dresses to kill! Unfortunately she cooks the same.
I've just hired a hot 19 year-old Swedish girl with massive tits to babysit my kids. Now where the fuck do I get some kids from?.
My driving instructor told me to wear a seatbelt or the force could throw me out of the car. I can't believe he thinks Star Wars is real.
I'd love to live in an old disused lighthouse. I don't want anything flashy.
I was terrible at spelling when I was at school. Brilliant at jografy though.
I had a dream I was a muffler last night. Woke up exhausted.
Might wake up early and go for a jog. Might also win the lottery, odds are about the same.
My wife's a terrible cook, she can never get her sauces right! But I've stuck with her, through thick and thin.
I'm not saying I'm an ugly cunt, but I fucked a blind girl once who asked for the light off.
Life is like a box of chocolates. It doesn't last long if you're fat.
Boredom is an anagram of bedroom. My wife gets this.
My blonde 19 year old next door neighbor has just asked me if I know about missing items from her washing line? I nearly shit her knickers
Scientists say that sniffing Rosemary can increase memory by 75 percent, but every time I try she slaps me and says I'm a creep.
My dentist is a miserable fellow, always looking down in the mouth.
What's the difference between a penis and a bonus? Your missus will blow your bonus!
My wife says that my lying is ruining our marriage. But I reckon it's my big dick.
Sunbathing on the beach, the wife came up to me asked what I thought of her flip flops? "Bloody horrible", I said "Put your bikini top back on".
If moths like light so much, why don't they just come out during the day?
Did you hear about the new restaurant on the Moon? The food's ok, but it has no atmosphere.
My dentist reminded me of my wife's sensitive gag reflex. We laughed and laughed. Then I remembered that my wife and I have different dentists.
BREAKING: Police are trying to rescue a cow lost in a cannabis field. The steaks have never been higher.
How does Stephen Hawking recover from a hangover? He presses F5.
Someone dropped their Scrabble in the middle of the road. That's the word on the street anyway.
You know you're a good mum when you sacrifice your vibrator batteries for your kids toys.
I ate a ploughman's lunch the other day. He wasn't very happy.
If you have sex on a boat. Is that considered off-shore drilling?
A customer was buying condoms at work today. I asked if he'd like a bag? He said, "No, she's not that ugly."
Last night i tried wife swapping for the first time, it's brilliant! I managed to get a new lawnmower for mine.
Why is your mum like Princess Jasmine? She's always got Aladdin!
I told her I had lightning quick reflexes. Sounds better than premature ejaculator.
"None of those women have what I'm really looking for"."Oh yeah? What's that?"."Low Standards".
What do you call two old women who lick each others naughty bits? LesbiNans
'How would you like your eggs?' the waiter asked. "Sunny-side up, please" I requested. "Madam?" he asked my wife. "In a big cake," she wheezed.
I walked down a street where the houses were numbered 64K, 128K, 256K, 512K and 1MB. That was a trip down memory lane.
My wife says she's leaving me because of my addiction to antidepressants. Won't be needing them anymore then.
Tomorrow, I'm going to open up the time capsule I made when I was a kid. I can't wait to see how big my puppy is.
Police are looking for a man on suspicion of beastiality. He was last seen yesterday at 10:00am getting into a Jaguar..
I've just bought some Tesco viagra. I only got a semi but every little helps!
Went shoplifting in a Disney Store. Got the biggest Buzz ever.
My wife used to be a size eight. Now she's a figure eight.
I've been searching for my stolen bed for three days! I won't rest until I find it.
My wife was so sick this morning that I had to carry her to the kitchen to make my breakfast.
First thing this morning, there was a tap on my door. Funny sense of humour my plumber has...
My wife walked out on me after I blew our life savings on a penis extension. She said she just couldn't take it any longer.
I love my wife, she always gives me 100% sound advice. 99% sound, 1% advice.
Whoever decided to call it anal bleaching instead of changing your ringtone really missed out on an opportunity.
I'm not saying my wife's fat, but I struggle to lift her photograph.
Yesterday, a feminist asked me how I view lesbian relationships. Apparently 'In HD' wasn't the correct answer.
My mum said "You treat this place like a hotel!". She will regret that when I give her a low score on TripAdvisor for 'rude staff'.
"Tits or Arse man?" I was asked. I really should have got in there earlier when they were giving out super hero names.
My wife is finally losing weight thanks to a new slimming club.  If she goes near the fridge, I hit her with it.
I did a few drugs last night with my shoelaces undone. Big mistake, I was tripping all night.
Have YOU had to walk 500 miles? Were you advised to walk 500 more? You could be entitled to compensation. Call the Pro Claimers NOW.
Nothing embarrasses a psychic more than throwing them a surprise party.
Just in Tesco and I put my veggies in with my Nintendo. Now my Wii smells of asparagus.
My wife has had her panties stolen off the line! Fuming! U can keep the knickers but can we have the 40 pegs back please!
Why don't supermarkets be more honest and rename their "Parent and Child" spaces as "Lazy Bastard with Massive 4x4" spaces?
When I get home late from the pub.I'm going to give my wife a right good listening to.
I was wondering if anyone could tell me which channel I could find the Women's FA Cup Final on? I've already checked cooking and comedy...
Spent all my savings on a sexchange. Now I haven't got a sausage.
"Can I have a pack of condoms?" I asked the pharmacist. "A small box?" he asked. "I hope so!" I replied.
Got out of the shower and my wife said "Look, its like a penis, only smaller". I said "Look, its like my secretary, only fatter and less flexible".
I had a wank over my ex girlfriend last night. Yeah I know it's wrong but I still have a key and she's a deep sleeper!
Two guys at the gym, one is putting on frilly knickers. "Since when do you wear womens pants?" "Since my wife found them in the glovebox!"
I just sent the wife a picture of my floppy willy. I wanted to let her know I was thinking about her.
Why did my wife cross the road? To get back to the first shoe shop we went in three fucking hours ago.
My Boss stormed up to me in the office today and said "You missed work yesterday, didn't you?" "Not particularly," I replied.
"Where do you want this big roll of bubble wrap?" I asked my boss. "Just pop it in the corner," he said. It took me three hours.
To some, marriage is just a word; to others, it's a sentence.
Wind turbines: I'm a big fan.
My wife asked me to pass the lip balm, but I gave her the superglue instead. She's not talking to me now.
The missus accused me of being far too competitive! I said 'I'm not!, and i'll be the first to admit that'.
Somebody had the audacity to call me 'pretentious' earlier! I nearly choked on my skinny latte with caramel and hazelnut sprinkles.
I told my new yoga teacher I was an expert. She asked me to show the class a very advanced pose. This put me in a difficult position.
If you're literally asking me to choose between our relationship and my obsession with pointing out doors to people, well..There's the door.
Sat down with my missus today and discussed if we wanted children? Should have seen the kid's faces.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta
People laugh at my car because it's ugly and green. But at least I avacado
Paddy says "Why do scuba divers fall into the water backwards Mick?". Mick says "If they fell forwards they'd still be in the fuckin boat".
I wanked over my blind girlfriends tits yesterday. She never saw me coming.
The wife thinks it's cruel we've started testing our new products on rabbits. She's got a point, I suppose. I work in a hammer factory
I really hate being a depressed atheist. Nothing to live for, nothing to die for.
Did you hear that the Dalai Lama has a gambling addiction? He just loves Tibet.
The wife and I went to a bank robbers themed fancy dress party last night. Well I did. She stayed in the car and kept the engine running.
How does an eskimo build his house? Igloos it.
My son just got a pull-up bar and is feeling a little weak. I told him to keep his chin up.
I was walking through an arts and crafts shop, when I saw a sign saying "Glue Sticks.". I thought, "No shit."
Went to the Ice Cream Van and asked for a 99. The Ice Cream Man asked if I wanted hundreds and thousands? I said 'no thanks mate, just the one'
My mother in law fell down a wishing well. I was amazed, I never knew they worked.
I'm not saying my wife is ugly, but the milkman flirts with me.
Three sperm whales have been found on the beach at Skegness. Or as they're also known, local lasses.
Paddy in Wetherspoons: "How much is your lager?" Barman: "£2 a pint and £7 a pitcher" Paddy: I'll just have a pint, fuck the photo."
I always found the fishmonger at our local market to be pretty unfriendly. In fact I'd describe him as a little standoffish.
The inventor of the world's first organic coffins made entirely out of vegetables has died. May he rest in peas.
The inventor of autocorrect went from zero to hero in a matter of seconds.
My mate went to a charity night for women born without legs, he said the place was crawling with fanny!
What's the best way to talk to your mother-in-law? Through a medium.
What did the leper say to the hooker after sex? "You can keep the tip"
My new girlfriend really takes my breath away. She's inflatable.
I'm seeing this girl with eczema. She's got a cracking body.
I worried that my addiction to helter-skelters is spiralling out of control.
I'm about to have a cup of dangerous coffee. Safe tea first though.
I've just bought a load of cheap Harry Potter DVDs. They were only a Quidditch.
My friend's allergic to rice. He's basmatic.
My wife says she enjoys sex more whilst on holiday. Well, I can tell you, that was an awkward postcard to receive.
I walked into the living room today and the wife had a box of Daz on top of the T.V.. I asked her why, she replied "there's was no Ariel".
I took the missus to a restaurant last night. I said "do you like peppa pig?". She said "yeah". I said "waiter some pepper over here please".
I asked 100 women "What shampoo do you use whilst showering?" 98% of them asked me to get out of the shower.
Today I went to toilet without my phone. There's 178 tiles in the bathroom.
The man who invented Chinese whispers has died. Pass it on...
"Your underwear is too tight and very revealing" I said to my wife. She said "Wear your own then, dickhead".
Lad asks Granny "Have you seen my pills,they were labelled LSD?" Granny replies "fook the pills, have you seen the dragons in the kitchen?!"
Grandad leant over to Grandma "I just let out a silent fart, what do you think I should do?" Grandma "Put a new battery in your hearing aid"
What's the worst thing about your girlfriend being pregnant? Having to tell your wife.
Wife gets naked and asks hubby 'What turns you on more, my pretty face or my sexy body?' Hubby looks at her and replies'Your sense of humour!'
A boxer complains to his doctor about insomnia. Doc "Have you tried counting sheep?" Boxer "Yes, but whenever I get to 9, I stand up"
Life is like a penis - simple, relaxed and hanging free. It's women who make it hard.
Two sausages in a frying pan. One says "it's hot in here!" The other says "bugger me a talking sausage!!"
Breaking News! Ne ws
My wife's a sex object. Everytime I ask for sex, she objects.
My wife said I only ever want sex with her when I'm drunk. That's not true. I usually want a kebab aswell.
I love eBay! I sold my homing pigeon eight times last month.
I went to the doctors the other day, complaining about my sore feet. He said "gout! "I said "fuck off, I've only just walked in!"
I can cut a piece of wood in half just by looking at it. It's true, I saw it with my own eyes.
Just seen that there's a nudist convention on in town next week. Might go if I've got nothing on.
I went in to a pet shop and said, "Can I buy a goldfish?" The guy said, "Do you want an aquarium?" I said, "I don't care what star sign it is".
Went to an Indian restaurant last night and had a pelican curry. Food was ok, but the bill was enormous!
Made a chicken salad today. The little prick didn't eat it.
How does Batman's mum call him to dinner? "Dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, Batman"
I went bobsleighing last night. I killed 15 people called Bob.
Whats the difference between a ginger fanny and a cricket ball? If you try really hard, Really really hard, You can eat a cricket ball.
What has four legs and flies? A dead hamster.
Two monkeys are getting into a bath. One goes: "ooh ohh ah ah ah ah" The other says: "We'll put some cold in then".
What have David Beckham and Ferrero Rocher got in common? They both come in a posh box.
Bought the missus a vibrator for her birthday. She's done nothing but moan ever since.
Our Brazilian housekeeper is rubbish at making the beds. She's very tidy downstairs though.
What's the difference between love and herpes? Herpes lasts forever.
I was so cold today that my jaw started to freeze. So I gritted my teeth.
What do you call a whale with no pants on? Free Willy.
Last week I bought a fridge magnet. They really work. So far I've got 11 fridges.
My wife and I always hold hands. If I let go she goes shopping.
What's the difference between erotic and kinky? Erotic is using a feather; kinky is using the whole chicken.
My wife and I have what we call Olympic Sex! Sounds great doesn't it! It's not really, it only happens once every four years.
How does Steven Hawking recover from a hangover? He presses F5.
I've got a friend named Jay. We call him J for short.
Apparently most dogs in Korea are inbred. Like in a sandwich or something.
I've got a dog called Curiosity.
What is the main cause of divorce? Marriage.
My Korean friend died last week. So Yung.
My wife's so fat, when she fell down the stairs I thought East Enders was ending.
Marriage is like a deck of cards. In the beginning all you need is two hearts and a diamond. By the end you wish you had a club and spade.
What does DNA stand for? National Dyslexia Association.
Last night I got my laxatives mixed up with my viagra tablets. I didn't know whether I was coming or going.
What does the dentist of the year get? A little plaque.
I had to tell my patient I'd dreadfully messed up his plastic surgery. I'll never forget the look on his elbow.
Tampax are releasing a limited edition, egg shaped tampon. It's for the Easter period only.
I tell you what I love doing, trying to fit a small suitcase. I can hardly contain myself.
Why can't you borrow money from a midget? Because they're always a little short!
I just saw on the news 'Missing girl found safe' What I wanna know is. Could she crack it?
I used to play the triangle in a reggae band but left because it was just one ting after another.
Whilst having sex I suddenly stopped and didn't move. Wife said 'What are you doing?" I said I've seen this on PornHub it's called buffering.
How doe's a Yorkshire man say "it isn't in the tin?" "Tin tin tin".
They say the best way to make a cup of tea is to agitate the bag. So I poke the mrs and say put the kettle on fatty.
My wife was crying because the clothes in a +size catalogue wouldn't fit her. "Don't let it get you down" I said, "you're bigger than that".
I said to the chemist: 'Can I have some sleeping pills for the wife?' He said: 'Why?' I said: 'She keeps waking up.'
My neighbour has at last forgiven me for flashing my bum at her. She's over the moon.
My wife just left me because of my obsession with cricket. It's really hit me for 6.
Singing in the shower is all fun and games until you get shampoo in your mouth. Then it just becomes a soap opera.
Me: When I was younger I was given a choice, a long penis or a good memory. Wife: Which one did you choose? Me: I can't remember.
I got an e-mail saying 'At Google Earth we can read maps backwards! 'I thought, "That's just spam."
Breaking News: A mass fight has broken out in a petrol station. 23 People arrested in Total.
I was woken at 3 o'clock this morning by my burglar alarm. "Time to go out robbing," I yawned.
Chickens don't have friends. They only have pen pals.
I've designed a plane made entirely from rubber, so that when it crashes, it bounces. It's a Boing 747.
I used to be very indecisive!! But now I'm not so sure.
Reptiles are so enthusiastic! They're always up for it, right from the gecko!
How can you tell if your wife is dead? The sex is the same but the dishes pile up.
What have women and a building society account got in common? Once you withdraw you loose interest.
I've been told I'm not ambitious enough. If only there was an olympic sport for being a lazy bastard. That bronze medal would be mine.
I used to think that my girlfriend not wearing any knickers under her skirt would be sexy, until I saw the skidmarks on my sofa.
The first rule of OCD club is that there must be a second rule, so we have an even number of rules.
My girlfriend has this weird, sick, demented sexual fetish. Cuddling.
I just gave my cat some 7UP. Now he's got 16 lives.
I work in McDonald's and a customer was rude to me today, so I got him back by not putting any Coke in his drink. Just ice was served.
I'm sure it was my two-year-old son who stole my pen. It's written all over his face.
I had a bit of a lazy day sitting in my underpants looking for jobs online. My boss was furious.
Some guy knocked on my door today and said, "I have a parcel for your next door neighbour." I said, "You've got the wrong house then mate."
My friend has got an excellent nose for wine. It's shaped like a corkscrew.
If there's one thing that makes me throw up its a dartboard on the ceiling!
Mopeds are like fat birds! It's loads of fun until your mates find out you've ridden one.
I can't help being lazy. It walks in the family.
My wife is going to the hair salon today. For the next few hours I'll be practising my reaction.
I'm not saying my wife's a fat bitch, but I've had to put all the chocolate biscuits well out of reach. On the floor.
Had a fight with an erection this morning. I beat it single handedly.
Why did the mechanic sleep under the car? He wanted to get up oily in the morning.
I'm so bad at relationships even my bag for life left me.
Sean Connery is 84 Roger Moore is 87 Pierce Brosnan is 61 Daniel Craig is 47. Ooh yeah.. I'm really into Bond age.
The wife and I decided to have a clear-out and have put all our dogging gear on eBay. We havent had any bids yet but theres thirty-four watchers
I just saw a great documentary earlier about how ships are kept together. It was riveting!
Is it just me or does anyone else want to be a window cleaner in Amsterdam?
Just got banned from BandQ, some dickhead in an orange apron came up to me and asked if I wanted decking! Lucky I got the first punch in.
There was an earthquake near the Galaxy chocolate factory this morning. It sent ripples through the whole building.
How do you make a squirrel cry? Grab it's nuts.
Why dont blind men skydive? Because it scares the shit out of the dog.
I asked my gym instructor if he could teach me to do the splits. He said "How flexible are you?". I said "I can't make Tuesdays".
After a bad day I came home to find that somebody has ripped the front and back pages from my dictionary. It just goes from bad to worse.
Miss piggy goes to the doctors;"Doctor why is it that every time I have my ladies week, I end up with a frog in my throat?"
I was going to nail a shelf to my wall, but then I thought..Screw it!
Last night I accidentally saw the woman who lives next door masturbating naked on her bed. I was so shocked I fell out of the tree.
Celebrity Big Brother
What's the difference between Celebrity Big Brother and Big Brother? Nothing.
Wedding rings are the prettiest, tiniest, most expensive handcuffs ever.
I hit my wife in the face with a chocolate bar from 60 feet away. I've studied aerodynamics.
A cure for dyslexia? Now that would be music to my arse.
What word is always pronounced incorrectly? Incorrectly.
My wife's parking is unparallelled.
I recently quit my job as a butler at a stately home. I didn't like being ordered around in that manor.
My girlfriend just asked me "When we go to Egypt, can we go on a Camel?" I said, "Fuck off, it would take ages to get there on a camel".
I lost a very close friend and drinking partner last week. He got his finger caught in a wedding ring.
I live for my alarm clock collection. It's the only reason I get up in the morning.
My car failed it's emissions test today! Fuming.
I think we're in for a bad spell of wether.
Why do gorillas have big nostrils? Because they have big fingers.
Did you hear about the two gay ghosts? They put the willies up each other.
What food kills a woman's sex drive? Wedding cake.
What did the banana say to the vibrator? "What are you shaking for?" "she's going to eat me!"
Was driving down the motorway yesterday in a hearse. Police pulled me over for undertaking.
When I get naked in the bathroom, the shower usually gets turned on!
I've told the wife I'm going dry for January. I really can't be arsed with foreplay.
Last night I bought an alcoholic ginger beer. He wasn't happy about it.
I remember 2015 like it was yesterday.
Saw a psychic yesterday but after 30 mins of her constantly laughing at me I punched her in the face. I always like to strike a happy medium.
My wife said she was in the mood for something a bit unusual in the bedroom tonight. So I dragged the dishwasher up there.
My son has just come home with a settee and two chairs. I'm fuming! I've told him not to accept suites from strangers!
Just turned on the TV to see Sydney and Tokyo have already started celebrating the New Year. Fucking idiots, it doesn't start until midnight
My New Year's resolutions are: 1. Stop making lists. B. Be more consistent.7. Learn to count.
My new years resolution is to stop using spray on deodorant! Roll on 2016.
I'm in a same-sex marriage. The sex is always the same.
So I was getting into my car, and this bloke says to me "Can you give me a lift?" "Sure, you look great, the world's your oyster, go for it"
What's blue and comes in pints? A Whale.
My friend told me he was going to a fancy dress party as an Italian island. I said to him 'Don't be Sicily'
The jumper I got for Xmas kept picking up static electricity so I took it back to the shop and exchanged it for another one. Free of charge.
Last night I saw a fat lad chatting up a fat girl. She turned him down though. She was worried he was just trying to get into her Snickers
What's the difference between inlaws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted.
Happy New Year everyone... Think I may have premature congratulation.
Statistics show the average person has sex 89 times per year. Looks like I'm in for an incredible few days.
I was working in a library and this bloke came up to me and said "Do you have a bookmark?" I said "Yes, we have hundreds, but my name's Dave"
What do Transvestites do for Christmas? Eat, Drink, and be Mary
I had to chase a mugger after he stole my wallet. He gave me a run for my money.
Comas make a big difference in a sentence. For example, Ben is in a hurry. Ben is in a coma.
"Describe yourself in three words." "Lazy."
What's black and rhymes with Snoop? Dr. Dre
What's the difference between three dicks and a joke? Your mum can't take a joke.
So my girlfriend told me to choose between our relationship and my career as a reporter. Well I've got some news for her.
What are the benefits of moving to Switzerland? Well, the flag's a big plus!
Dwayne Johnson, paper, scissors.
A sexy bird looked at my beer belly today and sarcasticly asked "Is it Fosters or Stella?" I replied "there's a tap underneath, taste it!"
To all those friends I bought a book for this Christmas, just a reminder they're due back at the library next tuesday!
I've been invited round a neighbours for a pre Christmas drink with nibbles. They treat that fucking cat like royalty.
Patient: 'Doctor, I can't stop singing Sexbomb, sexbomb.' Doctor: "you've got Tom Jones disease." Patient: 'is it common?' Doctor: "It's not unusual."
Viagra won't make you James Bond but it will make you Roger Moore.
I've just been told that a new belt and a new bag are not great Xmas presents by the wife! Even though her Hoover picks up superbly now..
Why were ET's eyes so big? He saw the phone bill.
Paddy and Mick go to London to donate sperm. It was a disaster! Paddy missed the tube and Mick came on the bus!
Japanese scientists have created a camera with a shutter speed so fast, they can now photograph a woman with her mouth shut.
A Jehovah's Witness gave me an advent calendar. The first door I opened there were two of them standing behind it.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs, but can play the piano really well? Clever Dick
If you lose one sense, your other senses are enhanced. That's why people with no sense of humour have an increased sense of self-importance
I hate double standards. If a girl sleeps with loads of guys she's considered a "slut". Yet if a guy does it he's considered a "homosexual"
The inventor of predictive text has died. His funfair will be hello on Sundial.
What's a woman and KFC got in common? Once you've finished with the breast and thigh all you've got left is a greasy box to stick your bone in.
I failed my audition as Romeo through a misunderstanding over a stage direction. My copy of the script said: 'Enter Juliet from the rear'
A shipment of Viagra was hijacked last week. Police are looking for two hardened criminals.
I dig, you dig, we dig, he digs, she digs, they dig. It's not a beautiful poem, but it's very deep.
Recent research has shown that 6 out of 7 dwarves aren't happy.
"I bet you can wrap presents with your eyes shut" I said to my wife. "I probably could" she laughed. "Great I'll just go and get yours" I said.
Why did Humpty Dumpty push Mrs Humpty Dumpty off the wall? So he could see her crack.
Why doesn't Barbie get pregnant? Because Ken comes in a different box.
Walking the dog in the cemetery and I saw a man crouching behind a headstone. I shouted 'morning!'He replied 'no mate, just taking a shit'
On the way to work I crashed my car into the back of another, a dwarf got out and said 'I'm not happy!!'I said 'well which one are you then?'
Sometimes I feel like throwing my hands up in the air! But then I think, how would I catch them?
Jonathan Ross was arrested this morning for stealing kitchen utensils. He said it was a whisk worth taking.
Bought my mum a fridge for Christmas. You should've seen her face light up when she opened it.
What's better than eating a mandarin? Eating Amanda out.
The Mrs left me because of my obsession with Phil Collins. Well take a look at me now...
How does Darth Vader know what Luke Skywalker has got for Christmas? He felt his presents.
I just ordered a chicken and an egg off Amazon. I'll let you know...
Since my mate had his neck brace fitted he's never looked back.
Some guy said to me 'why are you carrying a 9ft book?' I said 'Its a long story'
I used to live in a tyre, but it got a puncture. Now I just live in a flat.
My girlfriend hates when I make jokes about her weight. She needs to lighten up.
Mary and Joseph. Now they had a stable relationship.
Why did the duck get arrested? Because he was selling quack!
Three blondes walk into a building. You'd think one of them would've seen it..
I bought some 'Jamie Oliver Sausages' yesterday. On the packet it said 'Prick with a fork'I thought, can't argue with that!
Don't kiss your wife with a runny nose. You might think it's funny, but it's snot.
I told my girlfriend I had a job in a bowling alley. She said "Tenpin?' I said "No, permanent."
I'm really overdrawn at the bank and they keep phoning me and leaving voicemails. I wish they'd just leave me a loan.
What's green and smells of pork? Kermits finger.
My Mrs was moaning about my obsession with sport so I booked us a table for 8pm. Disaster! By 9pm she still hadn't potted a single ball.
What do you call a bullet proof scouser? Kev Laa!
What do a dwarf and a midget have in common? Very little.
My girlfriend text me earlier "Why don't you ever put an x at the end of your texts?" I replied, "Sorry babe. Michelle."
What's the first sign of madness? Suggs walking up your driveway...
The downside of being a bomb disposal technician? It takes me six hours to open my Christmas presents.
George Michael has been found with a chocolate bar up his arse. Apparently it was a careless wispa.
My wife keeps complaining about my premature ejaculation, she took it on the chin at first but now it just gets on her tits.
What have George Michael and wellies got in common? They both get sucked off in bogs.
I could never work in the Job centre. Imagine if you got fired! You'd still have to show up the next day.
The way to a man's heart is through his stomach. Unless he's a Vegetarian. Then you can get there through his vagina.
Spent all day looking through my U2 CD collection for my favourite song. Still haven't found what im looking for.
I bought a Prince CD today. Cost me £20, but I partied like it was £19:99.
What's worse than waking up at a party and finding a penis drawn on your face? Finding out it was traced.
If I had to describe myself in one word it would be "Doesn't understand instructions"
Really cheesed off. Every morning a huge German Shepherd shits on my front lawn. Today, to make matters worse, he brought his dog.
My teacher threw sodium chloride at me. That's a salt!
Gutted the wife has left me! She's took the Sky Box and all my Bob Marley records too. No woman no Sky
We always called my grandad Spiderman. It's not because he had any superpowers, he just couldn't get out of the bath.
Can anyone remember? What was the name of the big bird in Sesame Street?
My wife told me that women were better at multitasking than men. I said to sit down and shut up. Guess what? She couldn't do do either!
My scouse mate has just got his kids a trampoline and a few bikes for Xmas. I asked him which website he saw them on. He replied Google Earth
What is the difference between Santa Claus and Tiger Woods? Santa stops at 3 ho's!
Came home to find all my doors had been smashed in and everything was gone. What sort of sick person does that to someone's advent calendar?
My wife asked me if we could have something more 'Christmassy' on the television. So I put Fifa on and played in snowy conditions.
Marks And Spencers new advert states that it wouldn't be Christmas without MandS. They're right too. It'd be Chrita.
Still can't believe my mate died last week. He overdosed on Viagra. His wife took it really hard.
It's close between Tyson Fury and Andy Murray for the BBC Sports Personality trophy. I reckon the Gypsy will just nick it.
Got the wife a prosthetic leg for Christmas. It's not her main present, just a stocking filler.
I just read about a dwarf being pick pocketed in the news. How could someone stoop so low!
At a job interview "What are your strengths?" "I'm an optimist and a positive thinker" "Can you give me an example?" "Yes, when do I start?"
I've just invented a new word:"Plagiarism".
Worried this Christmas as our dyslexic office junior has organised a secret satan.
How do you make a Pirate angry? Take away the P
The boss of Dulux paints has died of hypothermia while trekking across the Antarctic. Medics say he needed a second coat.
Will I have an open casket at my funeral? Remains to be seen.
I fell over laughing and got trapped in the trouser press. Creased myself.
I can't believe my best friend has died doing what he loved. He was a respected and popular skydiver. Really down to earth guy.
"Doctor, doctor, I've lost my memory." "When did this happen?" "When did what happen?"
What begins with T, ends with T, and has T in it? A teapot.
Bought my girlfriend slippers and a dildo for Christmas. If she doesn't like the slippers, she can go fuck herself!
The Wife was watching a cookery show. I said "What the fuck you watching that for, you can't cook?" She said "You watch porn, you Fat Bastard".
Asked the wife to make me happy and sad at the same time. She told me that my dick was bigger than my brothers!
Did you know that some saltwater crocodiles can grow up to 20 feet! But most only have 4.
My pet bird has lost its voice. Please retweet.
My friends were amazed when I told them I can predict the future using herbs. "Is it true?" they asked..' Only thyme will tell' I replied.
I saw this really fit girl in the nightclub last night and she was wearing a chessboard patterned shirt. So, I made a move on her.
My girlfriend wanted perfume and jewellery for her birthday, but I got her a chocolate egg and a toy instead. She was kinder surprised.
I work as a waiter. The pay isn't great but I put food on the table.
My new girlfriend lets me lick anything off her! Butter, jam, cheese, you name it she lets me lick it off her. She's a cracker.
News just in. The guy who took an airline company to court over his missing luggage has lost his case.
Milk is the fastest liquid on earth. It's pasteurized before you even see it.
My mum says you are what you eat. That's funny, cause I haven't eaten any sexy beasts recently.
To neigh or not to neigh. That is equestrian.
I used to know how to make those little fizzy sweets, but then I forgot. So I went on a Refresher course
My talking dog gave me a stick the other day and told me he found it 600 miles away.I thought that's a bit far-fetched.
"Knock Knock." "Who's there?" "It's the police, sir." "You'll have to wait, I'm having a shit." "We know, sir, the phone booth has glass sides."
Britain has won the Davis Cup for the first time since 1936. Coincidentally, that's the last time anyone gave a fuck.
Have you heard about those new alphabet hand grenades? If one of those goes off it could spell 'disaster'
My penis fell off, so I gave the wife a bollocking.
Why doesn't Santa smoke? It's bad for his elf!
What's the difference between your wages and your penis? You don't have to convince your wife to blow your wages.
I gave all my dead batteries away today... Free of charge.
First rule of Thesaurus Club. You don't talk, converse, discuss, speak, chat, deliberate, confer, gab, gossip or natter about Thesaurus Club
I woke up with a face full of rice. I must've fallen asleep as soon as my head hit the pilau.
How does a muppet die? It Kermits suicide.
I swallowed some Tippex last night. I woke up this morning with a massive correction.
I told my doctor that every time I cross into another country I have to get drunk. He said I was border-line alcoholic.
Broken Quiz Machine For Sale: No questions asked.
My wife is on a tropical food diet, the house is full of the stuff. It's enough to make a mango crazy.
I quit my job at the helium factory today. I refuse to be spoken to in that tone of voice.
I asked a Frenchman if he played video games. He said "wii".
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
A referee walked into a bar. I thought it's all gonna kick off now.
I can tell that my skincare jokes have made you cry because of how moisturiser.
Why did Adele cross the road? To say hello from the other side.
What do you call a singing laptop? Adele.
I was arguing with my girlfriend in Nandos when my best mate ran off with the garlic bread and coleslaw! I wish he would stop taking sides.
So what do you know about dwarfs then? Very little.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
I've just got back from a friend's funeral. He died after he was hit in the head by a tennis ball. It really was a wonderful service.
My friend came to me and said, "Thanks for lending me the Fight Club DVD! "I was like, "Don't mention it."
I haven't talked to my wife in three weeks. I didn't want to interrupt her.
Just bought myself a universal remote control. I thought to myself "This changes everything.
My wife and I were happy for twenty years; then we met.
I went to the zoo the other day, there was only one dog in it. It was a shitzu.
Our local cinema is showing a special version of the latest James Bond film, just for dyslexics. Respect.
Do midgets still start their childhood stories off with "When I was little?"
My wife left me for a weather man. She'll be mist.
Just been sacked from my job as a chef for stealing. I've always been whisk taker.
Why do women hold a grudge against you for many years if you call them fat? Because elephants never forget.
Me: Sorry boss can't come in today my car has broken down. Boss: What about the bus? Me: I don't have a bus.
Just been threatened by my housemate for stealing his clothes. I nearly shit his pants.
To anyone suffering from paranoia. You're not alone.
What's long and hard and has cum in it? A cucumber!
My family are worried about my addiction to dot to dot puzzles. It's ok though, I know where to draw the line
Just told my joke about Peter Pan again. Never gets old.
I know a guy who's in denial about his addiction to brake fluid. He says he can stop at any time.
One of my friends is a really hardcore raver. She keeps trying to make me rave with her, and she won't techno for an answer.
Just knocked over my Sports Direct mug and flooded my entire house.
Difference between an egg and a wank? You can beat an egg.
I was going to tell you a gay joke, butt fuck it.
What's the difference between a fridge and a vagina? The fridge doesn't fart when you take the meat out.
What do cheap hotels and tight pants have in common? No ballroom.
I was given a leaflet the other day on anger management. I lost it.
Why did Lionel clean his room? Because it was Messi.
My internet bride got delivered today. She's the WiFi always dreamed of.
How do you make your missus scream after an orgasm? Wipe your willy on the curtains.
My pet mouse 'Elvis' died last night. He was caught in a trap.
What's the difference between 'light' and 'hard'? You can fall asleep with a light on!
Burnt my Hawaiian pizza today. Should have put it on aloha setting.
What's the difference between jam and jelly? You can't jelly your dick up your girlfriend's arse!
I'm not saying you're a slag, but even your knickers label say Next..
My mate's been offered a job in North Korea. He's going to take it, but I think it's a bad Korea move.
Met a girl in a bar last night. She said: "Hi I'm Yvette". I said "Hi I'm an Accountant".
Woke up today to find someone had dumped 2 tonnes of topsoil on my vegetable patch. The plot thickens.
A girl agreed to go out with me after I gave her a bottle of tonic water. Schwepped her off her feet.
Always remember what my late Grandad said to me. 'Sorry I'm late'
A dwarf walked into a library and asked for a book on irony. The librarian said "Yes, it's on the top shelf"
I told my girlfriend she'd drawn her eyebrows on too high. She looked surprised.
Iron Man is a superhero. Iron Woman is a command.
What happened when customers complained about the bright lights in the Chinese restaurant? The manager decided to dim sum.
Have you seen the new film called Constipation? It hasn't come out yet.
Why do cows lie down together when it rains? To keep each udder dry.
One in every two and a half men are HIV positive.
My dog only responds to commands in Spanish. He's Espanyol.
What's the difference between a hooker and a wife? One's contract, the other is pay-as-you-go.
At weddings old people always poke me and say you'll be next! It's so annoying! So, I've started doing the same to them at funerals.
A banana and a vibrator are lying on a bed. The banana turns to the vibrator and says; "I don't know why your shaking, they're gonna eat me!"
Today I broke my personal record of consecutive days alive!
My wife left me because she said I was obsessed with plants. I asked her "where's this stemming from petal?"
My wife ran off with my best friend last week. I'm going to miss him.
What's a Scottish football fan's favourite movie? Home Alone.
I've been sleeping with my girlfriend and her twin, but luckily I can tell them apart. Her brother has a moustache.
Jimmy Saville, Rolf Harris and Stuart Hall walk into a pub in Ireland. Barman says "not yew tree again"
My window cleaner was banging on my window shouting and swearing. I thought to myself: he's lost his rag.
I've just poured superglue into a non-stick pan. Someone's going to be wrong.
My mate has swallowed some Lego. The doctor's aren't too worried, but he's shitting bricks.
Kids in the back seat cause accidents; accidents in the back seats cause kids.
How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb? Just Juan
How much room is needed for fungi to grow? As mushroom as possible.
BREAKING NEWS: A lorry containing Vanish has overturned in Middlesex causing Staines to completely disappear.
I see someone is selling all their dogging gear on eBay. There's no buyers but I've noticed that there's 126 watchers!
"What a truly inspirational man that Steve Jobs was" said my mate. "What is your favourite Apple product?" he asked. "Cider, " I replied.
My Nan has found a lump in each of her breasts. Turns out it was just her knees.
Women are like fine wines. You can get them cheaper if you go abroad.
A woman walked into a library and asked for a book on euphemisms. So the librarian took her up the rear aisle and let her have it.
Never trust a man with a bald head. For all you know, he could've been a Ginger!!
My doctor asked if I was sexually active. I said "Define active, there are volcanoes classed as active that haven't gone off in centuries"
No matter how big your smartphone's screen is, you still have to scroll down to see Chelsea's position in the league table.
What do you call a fat psycic? A four chin teller
My wife has left me, she says I love football more than I love her. I'm gutted, we've been together ten seasons!
My girlfriend just dumped me for talking too much about video games. What a ridiculous thing to Fallout 4.
An insect flew into our kitchen last night, flew around and then exploded. I think it was a jihadi long legs.
My daughter asked "Why is the soap in the shower hanging on a rope?" I replied "Because it has seen your mother naked."
I love elevator jokes. They work on so many levels.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college? Bison.
You can't run through a camp site. You can only ran, because it's past tents.
When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo I had to put my foot down.
Dad: Where can I get a potato clock? Son: Why a potato clock?!? Dad: I've got a new job and my boss said I need to get-a-potato-clock
Why did Star Wars' episodes 1, 2 and 3 come after episodes 4, 5 and 6? Because Head of Planning Yoda was.
I went to a legless disco last night. It was crawling with fanny.
I love playing that game where you knock on people's door and run away. It's called Yodel.
My mate just asked me if he could put a teabag in my mouth and fill me with boiling water. He must think I'm some kind of mug.
I've bought the wife a transparent bath. It'll save me a fortune on taking the kids to Sea World.
I've finally come to accept I'm dyslexic and I'll always be dyslexic. A Leotard can't change its spots.
Lionel Messi goes up girl in a club and says "Get your coat, you've pulled" she replies "Wow, you're a little forward"
Some mornings I wake up bitchy. Other mornings I just let her sleep...
Watson: Why are you painting the front door yellow? Holmes: A lemon entry my dear Watson!
Mrs says I have a short attention spanners are great aren't they!
Check this one out:1.
Doesn't matter if your cup is half full or half empty, point is: You need to buy a different size bra.
Outside my local school, the kids were selling chocolate to raise money for eczema awareness, so I bought a flake.
A survey was conducted into why men like blow jobs: 10% liked the feeling, 12% liked the dominance, 78% liked 20 minutes of fucking silence.
What's a pirate's favourite sex position? Up the Arrrrrrse!
What animal what you like to be on a really cold day? A little Otter
"Hurt Myself" By Amin Payne
"The Constant Book Reader" By Paige Turner
I have a phobia of trampolines, I can't help it they always make me jump.
What do you call an Indian peeping tom? Mustafa Ganda
Knock knock...Who's there? The doorbell repair man.
My wife stood in front of the mirror:"I'm massive" she moaned. "Will you help me?" "Of course," I said, as I moved the mirror further away.
Went to see the worst faith healer ever last night. He was so bad, a bloke in a wheelchair got up and walked out.
I got arrested for impersonating a firework. They let me off.
What's a foot long, made of leather and sounds like a sneeze? A shoe
My friend asked me if I wanted to go to a nudist colony with him later. I said "I've got nothing on, I might as well"
On my recent visit to the seaside I spent ages trying to figure out how to use the arcade machine. Then the penny dropped.
What do you call an Asian receptionist? Tai Ping
Relationships are a lot like algebra. Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?
Somebody just threw a bottle of omega 3 capsules at me. I only have super fish oil injuries but I'm lucky I wasn't krilled!
Why did the woman cross the road? To go back to the first clothes shop she was in 3 hours ago.
There once was a man called Dave, who dug up a prostitutes grave, she was covered in shit and missing a tit but look at the money he saved!
My sister has a new job, but it's hard to say what she does. She sells sea shells on the seashore.
My penis was in a world record book once. Until the librarian told me to take it out.
I just dropped my iPhone in the bath. It's syncing.
I saw a girl texting while driving and it really pissed me off, so I rolled down my window and threw my beer at her.
There should be a children's song called "if you're happy and you know it, keep it to yourself and let your dad sleep".
I saw this man and woman wrapped in a barcode. I said: Are you two an item?
Need an ark? I Noah guy.
Crashed my dads new car into a lemon tree! He's still bitter about it
A truck full of Viagra was stolen today. Police are on the lookout for a group of hardened criminals.
My brother got hit by a bus and had both of his legs amputated. Now he's my Half-Brother.
Why can't T-Rex clap its hands? Because they're extinct.
A lion would never cheat on his wife. But a Tiger Wood.
Don't pick on fat people! They have enough on their plates.
Once I beat up the school bully with a baseball bat. Both his arms were completely broken, which is what gave me the courage to do it.
I was walking along today, and on the road I saw a small dead baby ghost. Although thinking about it, it might have been a handkerchief.
I supplied filofaxes to the Mafia. Yeah, I was involved in very organised crime.
I saw a clown doing sit-ups. Funny how things work out.
The first guy who persuaded a blind person they needed sunglasses - he must have been a hell of a salesman.
"Irish Sniper" By Rick 'O' Shea
"Haunted House" By Hugo First
"Plastering for Beginners" By Phil Mcraken
I needed a password that was eight characters long, so I picked Snow White and the seven dwarfs.
I was playing chess with my friend when he said "let's make things interesting", so we stopped playing chess.
I'm on a whisky diet. Last week I lost three days!
What do you do if a bird shits on your car? Don't take her out again
I have no problems with buying tampons. I am a fairly modern man. But apparently they're not a 'proper' present.
My girlfriend said she wanted me to tease her, so I said: "Alright, fatty?"
I've got a friend whose nickname is 'shagger'. You might think that's pretty cool. She doesn't like it.
I'm not saying Michael Jackson was guilty. But if I was a billionaire paedophile, I'd buy a funfair for my back garden.
I used to date a dyslexic girl. I took her home and she ended up cooking my sock.
I used to be a schizophrenic. But we're okay now.
"How To Keep Fit" By Jim Nastics
"Keep on Trying" By Percy Veer
Behind every fat woman there is a beautiful woman. No seriously move! You're in the way!
I'm struggling to write a porn movie. There's just too many holes in the plot.
German sausages. They're the Wurst.
"I Love Maths" By Adam Up.
What's going on with the weather? I haven't the foggiest.
I went to a dyslexic rave last night. I took three F's.
Just had a steering wheel removed from my penis. It was driving me nuts.
I was at a cash machine when an old lady came up to me and asked to check her balance.So I pushed her over.
Two lesbians barged into the house and started wrestling with my wife while she was in the bath. I tried to help but I could only knock one out.
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working? Punch her in the face
I'm sorry to hear your uncle was run over by a boat in Venice. My gondolences.
My girlfriend asked me earlier when I last had sex with someone that wasn't her? I said:"Back in 08". It sounds much better than 'August'
Whenever i watch The Titanic I get a sinking feeling.
The worst thing about owls is the way that they can maintain eye contact when you put them in a microwave.
Paddy and Mick are in a plane. Paddy asks "If we do a loop, will we fall out?" "No" replies Mick "We'll still be pals!"
How can you tell if a girl is ticklish? Give her a test-tickle.
My girlfriend is getting pretty angry that I never put the toilet seat down! To be fair I am getting tired of carrying it around!
What's the difference between a candle and a curry? A candle only burns at one end.
What do you call a wrestler in a hurry? The overtaker.
Two lorries carrying playing cards have crashed. Police are dealing with the incident.
I'm really starting to hate these stupid little Russian Dolls. They're so full of themselves.
My wife left me because of my obsession with Star Wars. Regret that she will.
Exaggerations went up by a million percent last year.
Ever had sex while camping? It's intents.
Did you hear about the angry pancake? He just flipped.
Simba was walking too slow, so I told him to Mufasa!
I used to have a fear of hurdles, but I got over it.
Me and my recliner go way back.
Frozen sculptures look quite good, icy pose.
What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad.
What do you do if you come across a tiger in the jungle? Wipe it off and apologise.
How do you wake up Lady Gaga? Poke her face.
Me and my mates are in a band called Duvet. We're a cover band.
I play triangle for a reggae band. It's pretty casual. I just stand at the back and ting.
What do u call a cold burrito? A brrrrrrrito
Went swimming. Had a wee in the deep end. Lifeguard blew his whistle so loud I nearly fell in.
I can hear opera coming from my wallet. I think it might be the 3 tenners.
Got a new aftershave called bread crumbs! The birds love it!!
What's the difference between rude and crude? Rude is when you throw your underpants at the wall, crude is when they stick to it.
A new aftershave is out on the Market. Will get you any girl you want! Guaranteed! Eau de Chloroform! It's a knock-out!
What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper
Paddys wife shouts:"Did you find the shampoo?" He answers:"Yes, but I'm not sure what to do.. it's for dry hair, and I've just wet mine"
My landlord said "Your obsession with cats is out of control and I can't handle it anymore!" I cried "What... You're kicking Meeeeowt?"
PARACHUTE FOR SALE! As new, unopened - small red patch
I've been charged with murder for killing a man with sandpaper. To be honest I only intended to rough him up a bit.
I've heard a rumour that Cadburys is bringing out an oriental chocolate bar? Could be a Chinese Wispa.
Wife said she was going to leave me if I continued to sing Oasis. I said maybe...
Knock Knock! Trick or Treat? What've you come as? A Werewolf. You've got normal clothes on? Well it's not a full moon yet, is it, dickhead?
Tonight is the night the missus wears crotchless pants! Not for me though! Its to get a better grip on her broom.
I was at a club, they played jump! So I jumped, played twist and shout, so I twisted and shouted! They played come on Eileen and they kicked me out.
Opened a tin of meat. Soon as I opened it 20 more tins appeared... Bloody spam.
I was accused of ruining a family portrait, but I swear I was framed.
My mate just said "there's only one thing that a scares me about Halloween". I asked "which is?". "Exactly" he replied.
I like to wear my glasses when I'm having sex. That way my eyes are protected from the pepper spray.
Smoking may shorten your lifespan. But it will lengthen your lunch break.
My wife hasn't said a word to me in 6 days. What's even better is, she thinks it's punishment.
I was on a plane and the air hostess said, "Want some headphones?" I said, "Blimey. How'd you guess that my name is Phones?"
I just melted an ice cube by staring at it. Took a bit longer than I thought it would, though.
Why didn't the skeleton ask the witch to the ball? Because he didn't have the guts.
I recently visited Satan and stole his wig. He said they'd be hell toupee.
Guy who owned Odeon cinemas has passed away. His funeral is on Monday @ 2:10, 4:20 and 8:40
What's a ghosts favorite dessert? Ice Scream.
Gonna dress up as a Champions League trophy for Halloween and go around scaring Arsenal fans.
Why didn't the skeleton go to the ball? He had nobody to go with.
I always look forward to watching a good game of football on Halloween. There is always the chance of plenty of Ghouls.
What do gay ghosts give each other? The Willies.
After giving my son two karate lessons, he said he didn't want any more. Still, at least I got my car washed and my fence painted.
Why do ghosts enjoy riding in elevators? It raises their spirits.
Why don't mummies go on holiday? They're afraid to relax and unwind.
What is a ghost's favourite ride? A roller-ghoster.
What kind of horses do ghosts ride? Nightmares! 
What does Barbie like to do at Halloween? Pump Ken
How do ghosts keep fit? With regular exorcise!
Why did Dracula's mother give him cough medicine? Because he was having a coffin fit.
What does a skeleton order at a restaurant? Spare ribs.
What do you get if you cross a witch and an iceberg? A cold spell.
How do vampires fall in love? Love at first bite!
Why don't monsters eat clowns? Because they taste funny!
Looking into becoming a hitman, I heard those people make a killing.
You know you watch too much porn when you go to a hospital expecting a blowjob.
The inventor of throat lozenges has died. There'll be no coffin at his funeral.
I've been searching for my stolen bed for two days! I won't rest until I've found it.
My wife was addicted to mud wrestling. She's been clean now for 6 months.
What's a vampires favourite fruit? A nectarine.
Persuaded my wife to smuggle coke through customs by sticking it up her arseI didn't know I could buy another can in the departure lounge
You can't call it Viagra anymore! Copyright law! You now have to use it's proper medical name. Mycoxafloppin
My wife accused me of being a transvestite. So I packed her things and left.
I got my cock out for the wife "Do you like my new piercing?" After a few seconds she said "Wheres the piercing then?" I said "In my ear".
What's a skeletons favourite shop? The Body Shop.
What do ghosts use to wash their hair? ShamBoo.
I left my last girlfriend because she wouldn't stop counting. I often wonder what she's up to now.
To become a successful doctor you must have a lot of patients.
Whoever stole my body wash better come clean!
I still don't understand how Pi is 3142Am I missing the point?
What's got no teeth and smells? The gearbox in the wife's car...
Someone ripped the pages out of both ends of my dictionary today. It just goes from bad to worse!
If anyone ever tells you they've lost their voice, They're lying.
My cousin is a midget, he's relatively short.
I was walking down the road when I suddenly questioned. Who picks up a guide dog's shit?
Whiteboards are remarkable...
What's red and invisible? No tomatoes.
A wife is like a hand grenade. Remove the ring, and your house is gone.
When it comes to anagrams, I don't know my earholes from my arsehole.
Recent survey: 43% of people admitted to tixting wylst droving.
What do ghosts eat for dinner? Spooketti.
I've been diagnosed with agoraphobia. Get in!
Mrs has run off with the milkman. Seeing them drive away on his milk float was the worst two hours of my life.
Wife said "if u get a tattoo make sure u have it done in a place that doesn't matter" So I'm off to Norwich...
I have an old Commodore locked away in the attic. That'll teach the him to dance on my ceiling!
Went to the park today to play frisbee with my dog but it was no fun. I need a flatter dog
Took a dip in the pool. Lifeguard said 'What you got there?' I said 'hummus'
My wife left me for a midget the other day. This broke my heart, I couldn't believe she would stoop so low..
My mate Sid's been a victim of ID theft. He's now called 'S'
My mate fucking hates his surname, Potato. Although not as much as his wife, Jackie does.
My dyslexia has reached a new owl.
I just explained Google images to my mum: "Pick anything to search for" I told her. "What about a nice cream pie?" She asked
My car is so small that I overcompensate by having a large penis.
Why are ghosts so bad at lying? Because you can see right through them.
I'm not a fan of shopping centres. Once you've seen one, you've seen the mall.
There's a gang going though our town, systematically shoplifting clothes in size order. The police believe they're still at large.
I called NHS direct over a week ago about a problem with my ears. I still haven't heard anything!
Sometimes I use big words which I don't understand to make me seem more photosynthesis.
I went to the supermarket and said: "I'd like to make a complaint,this vinegar's got lumps in it". He replied: "Those are pickled onions."
How often is it appropriate to make chemistry jokes? I say periodically.
I broke my psychic's crystal ball. It cost me a fortune.
I got mugged earlier and they took my mood ring. I really don't know how I feel about that.
Just paid £5 for a strip of Velcro. What a rip off!
A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much for a drink. The bartender reply's "For you? No charge!"
I've just arrived in Australia to surprise my fiancée. She's in London and the wedding's tomorrow.
Got thrown out of Dragons Den. Apparently asking Deborah Meaden to "Fuck off and get me a sandwich while the men talk business" is unacceptable.
My brother was jailed for his beliefs. He believed you could wank on the bus.
I asked my wife to act like a "naughty school girl". She forged a note from her mother saying she didn't have to participate.
The most common surname In China is Chang, correct me if you think that's Wong.
Don't waste your money on anti wrinkle cream. I have been using it for six months. My balls still look like walnuts.
Decaffeinated coffee is like a hooker that only wants to cuddle.
I asked my wife what she wanted for her birthday. She said, "Nothing would make me happier than diamond earrings." So I got her nothing.
A farmer in the field with his cows counted 196 of them, but when he rounded them up he had 200.
Why are Hurricanes named after women? Because when they come, they're wild and wet, and when they go they take your house and your car.
My friend's dad has just got a new pacemaker. He's a little Kenyan lad who runs ten metres in front of him.
My party trick is swallowing two pieces of string and an hour later they come out my arse tied together. I shit you knot.
How do you warm a room up thats just been painted? Give it a 2nd coat.
I had a dream I was swimming in a ocean of orange soda. Turns out it was just a Fanta Sea.
What did stevie wonder say when he got a cheese grater for Christmas? That's the most violent book I've ever read in my life!
I got my heavy goods licence today. My wife prefers to call it a marriage certificate.
My girlfriend was telling me that obesity is in her genes. I told her that it wasn't true as she looks like a fat cunt in a skirt as well.
My wife's leaving me because "Everything I say is irrelevant". Easy for her to say when her mum's sister has just bought a new coffee table.
My wife says we need to work hard on our relationship because of my immaturity. Hehe, she said hardon.
I just bought a new blindfold. Can't see myself wearing it though.
My wife asked me, "Did you eat my chocolate in the cupboard last night?" "No, don't be silly" I replied" I ate it on the sofa."
A girl just told me I've got a huge ego... I think she means cock.
Me and the wife decided to make our own sex tape. She was pissed off though when I started holding auditions for her part.
Out with the lads from OCD anonymous tonight. Things aren't gonna get messy.
I went to the doctor because everywhere I pressed hurt. Pressed my leg it hurt. My arm, it hurt. My head. Turns out I'd broken my finger.
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus? Tentickles.
Just heard that Little Mix are playing Liverpool in December. They are expected to win 3-0.
My Mrs just asked me, "When we go to Egypt, can we go on a camel?" I said "Fuck off, it would take fucking ages to get there on a camel."
Did you hear about the cross eyed teacher? She couldn't control her pupils.
Had some sad news, my Dutch ex girlfriend died last week, she liked to wear inflatable shoes. Apparently she popped her clogs.
How do you get a fat woman in bed? Piece of cake
My wife is going to a fancy dress party as a rastafarian and she's asked me to do her hair. I'm dreading it.
Some men think that using a moisturiser after you've had a shave is a bit gay. I don't, I just think it makes my legs lovely and soft.
Lollipop ladies. They make me cross.
Which spice girl can hold the most petrol? Geri can
My girlfriend left me because of my fetish for touching pasta. Now shes gone im feeling cannelloni right now!!
They say one in every seven friends have a gambling addiction. My money's on Dave.
I went up to Mr. T and said, "I'm going to cook you a dessert." He said, "Try fool!" I said, "No, strawberry cheesecake, actually."
Two interesting facts about me. 1) My knob is the same length as 2 Argos pens. 2) I'm banned from Argos.
My girlfriend got in the shower with me. She said "Oooh baby, I want you to do bad things to me!" So I put shampoo in her eyes.
"What do we want?" "A cure for Tourettes" "When do we want it?" "Cunts!"
I bought my wife a Pug as a present. Despite the squashed nose, bulging eyes and rolls of fat, the dog seems to like her.
I'm not saying my wife's a fat bitch. But I've had to put an energy-saving bulb in the fridge.
My mum laughed at me when I said I was going to make a car out of spaghetti. She soon shut up when I drove pasta.
Did you realise that a woman's "I'll be ready in five minutes" and a man's "I'll be home in five minutes" are exactly the same?
Why doesn't God like pizza? Because he doesn't exist.
They say one in every four men is gay, so there must be one in my group of friends. I hope it's Michael - he's super cute.
A police recruit was asked during the exam, "What would you do if you had to arrest your own mother?" He said: "Call for backup."
How to workout your 'arsehole' name. Replace your first name with the word 'Piers' and your surname with the word 'Morgan'.
I said to my wife the other day "Why dont you tell me when you have an orgasm?" She said "I dont like to ring you at work."
A man goes into a library and asks for a book on suicide. The librarian says, "Fuck off, you won't bring it back."
My girlfriend is a porn star. She is going to be so pissed off when she finds out.
Klopp used to have the "Yellow Wall". Now he's going to have small pieces of red wall instead. Under his car, where the wheels used to be.
What do the donkeys in Blackpool get for their lunch? A half hour the same as everyone else.
"If women ruled the world," said my wife, "there'd be no wars." "That's true," I replied. "Wars require strategy and logic."
A guy walks into the psychiatrist wearing only shorts made from Bubble wrap. The psychiatrist says "Well, I can clearly see you're nuts."
Gynaecologist, at your cervix.
I told the doctor I broke my leg in two places. He told me to quit going to those places.
Hi, welcome to Fight Club. First of all, how did you hear about us?
What do you call a woman with one leg? Eileen. What do you call a woman with one leg laying on the floor? Eileen Dover.
What do you call a man with a rabbit up his arse? Warren
What do you call a woman juggling 3 pints of beer? Beatrix. What do you call a woman juggling 3 pints playing snooker? Beatrix Potter
What do you call a man who used to be an artist? Drew
What do you call a Scottish man who works in a cloakroom? Angus Mccoatup
What do you call a cross dressing dinosaur? Trannysauras Rex
What do you call an obese Arab? Yafat Fuqa.
What do you call a man with no arms or legs lying by front of the door? Matt
What do you call a man in a pile of leaves? Russell
What do you call a man that steals everyday? Robin Daley
What do you call a leper in a hot tub? Stu
What do you call a man with a haggis on his head? Scott
What do call a woman with a tortoise on her back? Shelley
What do you call a man with ham on his head? Hammed. What do you call a man with more ham on his head? Mohammed
What do you call a man with a car number plate on his head? Reg. What do you call his brother? R Reg
What do you call a man with 3 eyes? Seymour
What do you call a man with no arms or legs in water? Bob. What do you call a man swimming in water with no arms or legs? Clever Dick
How do you fix a massive violin? Chellotape
How do you make a snooker table laugh? Put your hand in its pocket and tickle it's balls.
Did you know that the people of Dubai don't like the Flintones? But Abu Dhabi do.
A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm and says: 'A beer please, and one for the road.'
I was ironing the curtains last night. Fell through the window!
Fell asleep at a party last night, and someone put a teabag in my mouth, i went mental! No one treats me like a mug.
What do you call a fish with three eyes? Fiiish
What do you call a large bloke with four faces and eight hands? Big Ben.
What do you call a wolf that swears? A swear wolf
How do you make a door laugh? Tickle it's knob.
I used to be an archaeologist. But my career ended in ruins.
Why did the sperm cross the road? Because I put on the wrong socks before I went for a walk.
I got kicked out of my local record store after enquiring about a Coldplay song. I only went looking for Trouble.
To whoever invented the zero: thanks for nothing.
Did you hear that two men went to prison for stealing a calendar? They both got six months
I worked as a stand up comedian in a old peoples home once. None of them understood my jokes but they still pissed themselves.
I can't believe pretzels are knot bread.
I never question myself. Why should I start now?
I've just bought a load of cheap Harry Potter DVDs. They were only two Quidditch.
Did you hear about the angry gymnast? He just flipped.
What do you call a dodgy neighbourhood in Italy? A Spaghetto.
I just drank some WKD with ice in it. It was wicked.
Sometimes I watch football holding a PlayStation controller just to screw with girlfriends head.
What do you call a nervous javelin thrower? Shakespeare.
I rang the council today to ask if I could have a skip outside my house? The bloke said "You can cartwheel around the block for all I care".
How do you find a blind man in a nudest colony? It isn't hard.
How many immature people does it take to change a light bulb? Your mum.
Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff. Ba-dum tish!
Past, Present and Future walked into a bar. It was tense.
My wife said to me, "I'm fed up with you being so lazy, pack your bags and leave." I said, "You pack them."
Accidentally swallowed some Scrabble squares. Going for a poo could spell trouble!
Rick Astley asked if he could borrow my Pixar films? "Ok" I said. "Here's Toy Story, Cars and Finding Nemo but I'm never gonna give you Up"
Why is Pingu's dad always ironing when none of them wear clothes?
I see Boomerangs are making a comeback.
Last weekend, they held a minute's silence at the Etihad Stadium. It blended in nicely with the other 89.
What sits at the bottom of the sea and shivers? A nervous wreck.
How did the burger wear it's hair? In a bun.
I asked Sean Connery whats his favourite London landmark was? "Shard". I know it is mate but just give it a go..
I could of been a snooker player, but no one gave me a break.
I saw this bloke chatting up a cheetah, I thought "he's trying to pull a fast one".
The History Channel +1. Where History repeats itself.
What time is it when you see an elephant sitting on your tv? Time to buy a new tv.
I'd love to get into herb gardening. I just don't have the thyme.
Want to hear a joke about pizza? Never mind it's too cheesy.
I went to the shop to buy some camouflage trousers earlier. But I couldn't find any.
Why was the pube angry? Because it was pissed off.
Innuendo, an Italian suppository.
Doctor said I had jelly, custard and sponge in my ears. Explains why I was a trifle deaf.
My wife left me because she said I'm obsessed with the muppets. Apparently, I'm not ready for a kermitment.
Found a joke in the bin today. It was rubbish.
Whats pink and wrinkly, and hangs out your pants? Your Mum.
Quasimodo goes to the pub and says "Scotch whiskey please". Barman says "Bell's alright?" Quasi says "Mind your own business".
Why is peter pan always flying? He neverlands. I like this joke because it never grows old.
I love pressing F5. It's so refreshing.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1
Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippie? Because he was too far out man!
My maths teacher called me average. How mean!
Mexican jokes and black jokes are pretty much the same. Once you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamal.
Headmaster of Hogwarts falls down the stairs. Tumbledore.
My wife left me because she said it was annoying how I related everything in life to batman. What a Joker.
Bought a suit made from a cactus, looked pretty sharp in it.
At the barbers today, I asked to have my hair cut like Tom Cruise, so he gave me a cushion to sit on.
I was gutted when my cat drowned in the washing machine. At least he died in Comfort.
Pakistani cricketers. They'll give you a run for your money.
A dog walker was found dead in the local park, police have found the dog, but as of yet, they have no lead.
My gambling addiction cost me my marriage! Or, as I like to think of it, won me a divorce
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese
Did you hear about the dyslexic man that walked into a bra?
I went to Waterstones and asked the woman for a book about turtles. She asked "hardback?" and I was like "yeah, and little heads".
Surely every car is a people carrier?
My cat is recovering from a massive stroke.
What so you call a teacher that's always late for school? Mr Bus.
What do you call a pig with no clothes on? Streaky bacon.
I think my baby frog is eastern European. It's a tad Polish
What kind of light must you switch on with your leg? A knee-on.
What's pink and fluffy? Pink fluff. What's blue and fluffy? Pink fluff holding its breath.
I asked God for a bike, but then I realised God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
What do you call a surprised Chinese man? Ho Lee Fuk
Who's the coolest guy at the hospital? The ultrasound guy! But what about when he's not there? The hip replacement guy!
What's large, white and can kill you if it fell out of a tree? A fridge.
Just bought an amazing stereo that's made of cake. It's a gateaux blaster.
Always remember that you're unique! Just like everyone else.
Traffic Update: Vicks Vaporub lorry has overturned on the motorway. Police have confirmed that there will be no congestion for 8 hours
5/4ths of people have problems with fractions.
How do you make antifreeze? Hide her cardigan.
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer? Stick it in the microwave until it's Bill Withers
Really hate my new job crushing empty Coca-Cola cans. Its soda pressing.
Our old sofa felt terrible yesterday. But now it's fully recovered
I've always wanted to learn how to juggle. I just don't have the balls to do it.
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad away.
I just drank clearasil. It really hits the spot.
What does a lion use to help it drill? A roar plug.
Apparently David Hasselhoff is changing his name to David Hoff. He can't be arsed with the Hassel anymore.
Why was the biscuit crying? Because it's mother was a wafer too long
What's blue and smells like red paint? Blue paint
I got a birthday card and when I opened it a Yorkshire pudding fell out. It was from Aunt Bessie!
What did the shetland pony say when he had a sore throat? Sorry. I'm a little horse.
What did the grape say when it was stepped on? Nothing, it just gave a little wine.
Talking to a guy today who invented crosswords. Can't remember his name though. S_e_e
I saw a midget dressed like Hitler yesterday and I thought.. "that's a little racist".
My mate got sacked from working on the dodgems. He's suing for funfair dismissal.
What's got two legs and bleeds a lot? Half a dog.
I promised my wife the earth today. But gave her the life and electrocuted her.
Do you want to hear a joke about sodium? Na...
My hot lesbian neighbours got me Rolex for my birthday. It's nice, but I think they misunderstood me when I said, "I wanna watch".
Tampax jokes just aren't funny! Period.
I was wondering why the ball kept getting bigger and bigger and bigger... and then it hit me.
Why does Noddy have a bell on his hat? Because he's a twat.
Where do birds meet for coffee? Nest-cafe
People in the UK eat more bananas than monkeys. Last year they consumed 72,400 bananas and only 4 monkeys.
I didn't like the food on my flight home. It was too plane.
With the new starwars film due out, Haribo have released some new sweets. I dont like them, they're all chewy.
I stayed up all night to see where the sun went. Then it dawned on me.
My mate has a new job clearing leaves this Autumn. He reckons he's going to rake it in.
Driving past a field and saw a scarecrow trying to have a wank. I thought "That scarecrow is clutching at straws."
I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.
What is Bruce Lee's favorite drink? Wataaaaah!
I was going to look for my missing watch, but I could never find the time.
Thank god for nipples! Without them, boobs would be pointless.
My friend recently got crushed by a pile of books. He's only got his shelf to blame.
Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food coloring. The doctor says I'm OK, but I feel like I've dyed a little inside.
How can you spot the blind guy at the nudist colony? It's not hard.
Just met a charming transvestite from the Manchester area. He had a Wigan address.
Man who invented anagrams has died. May he Erect a penis.
This girl came up to me today and said she recognized me from the vegetarian club. I was confused, I'd never met herbivore.
How did the nucleus escape from prison? Through the cell wall.
What do you call a sick eagle? Illegal.
Did you hear about the dyslexic who walked into a bra?
Why did Nivea Creme? Because Max Factor.
Where does Kylie Minogue get her kebabs from? Jason's Donner Van
Dog goes into BandQ and says "excuse me, may I have a job?" Stunned clerk "have you tried the circus?" Dog "what would a they want with a plumber?"
What's the difference between a snowman and a snow woman?Snowballs.
Did you hear about the local crossword champion who passed away? You can find him at the local cemetary 6 down and 4 across.
What do you call a judge with no fingers? Justice Thumbs
There's reports coming in about an unexplained explosion that's caused a 75ft deep hole in Trafalgar Square! Police are looking into it.
Did you hear the one about the man with 5 cocks? His underpants fit like a glove.
It cost me £5 to put air in my tyres yesterday! Oh well, that's inflation for you.
Did you hear about the Italian chef with a terminal illness? He pastaway.
Why did I divide sin by tan? Just cos.
A man took an airline to court after his luggage went missing. Unfortunately he lost his case.
Just met Jurgen Klopps little brother. Klippety
Walking past the prison and saw a midget climbing down the wall. He glared at me. Said to my friend "That's a little con descending"
I wrote a song about tortilla. Actually it's more of a wrap.
Boss: "How good are you at PowerPoint?" Me: "I Excel at it." Boss: "Was that Microsoft Office pun?" Me: "Word."
What's the hottest part of the sun? Page 3
Last week I went to see the foot doctor, I took out my willy and the doctor said "that's not a foot!" I said"I know, but it's a good 11 inches"
What do you call a woman covered in grass. Lawna
Midget psychic escaped from prison! Newspaper headline reads; Small Medium at Large.
What did the policeman say to his belly? You're under a vest.
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving is not for you.
There are three types of people in this world. Those that can count and those that can't.
Teacher: Name 6 wild animals? Student: Four elephants and two lions
Had sex with a transvestite the other day. She took it like a man.
What do you call a man with no shins or feet? Neil
Why did the leper fail his driving test? He left his foot on the brake.
What do you call Postman Pat on the dole? Pat
Just had a mole removed from my penis. It's my own fault for shagging moles.
Congratulations to Tu Youyou on winning the Nobel Prize in Medicine and for being the most confusing person to sing Happy Birthday to.
Rap is basically 75% cRap.
My neighbour Mohammed has given up white water rafting. He's now a Muslim ex-streamist.
What did the finger say to the thumb? I'm in glove with you.
So I was steering a boat with my stomach muscles. Abseiling
I like lions manely because of their hair.
What's pink and invisible? This grapefruit.
I asked a Chinese girl for her number. She replied "Sex! Sex! Sex! Free sex tonight!" I said "Wow!" Then her friend said "She means 6663629".
Guess who I bumped into in specsavers the other day. Everyone!
What's the difference between a chick pea and a potato? You wouldn't pay to have a potato on you.
A Mexican magician tells the audience that he will disappear on the count of three. Uno, dos... then *poof* he disappeared without a tres!
Whats the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know and I don't care.
What noise does a nut make when it sneezes? Cashew.
Two satellites decided to get married. The wedding wasn't much, but the reception was incredible!
I like to tease my dyslexic dwarf friend alot. Its not big and its not clever.
What do ya call a woman who throws all her bills on the fire? Bernadette
Why was 6 scared of 7? Because 7,8,9
How does a politician sleep? First he lies on one side then he lies on the other.
What do you do if you see a spaceman? Park in it man.
What sort of jam can't you eat? Traffic jam.
Two sausages in a frying pan, one says to the other: "bloody hell it's hot in here". The other says "OMG, A talking sausage!"
Make the little things count. Teach midgets maths.
Renewable energy. I'm a big fan.
What do you call a woman stretched across a tennis court? Annette
I had to call the Elvis impersonator hotline yesterday. Got told to press; 1 for the money 2 for the show
What do you call a man without a spade? Douglas.
What do you call a man with a spade? Doug.
What's red and white and flies at night? A sanitary owl.
Did you hear about the paper boy? He blew away.
My neighbour complained to me about my dog chasing people on a bike. My dog can't even ride a bike.
What do gay horses eat? Haaaaaaaaayyyyyyyy
Dating a girl from the zoo. She's a keeper.
I just spent all day looking for a cat with one eye. I think I would of found it if I used both.
Why did the scarecrow get an award? He was outstanding in his field.
What do you call a man in the sea with no arms and no legs? Bob
An ice cream seller was today found on the floor of his van covered in hundreds and thousands. Police said he topped himself.
What's black and white and eats like a horse? A zebra.
My wife is a magician. She turned our car into a tree
I bought some shoes off of a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with but I've been trippin all day.
I got the wife a wooden leg for Christmas, it's not a main present, just a stocking filler.
What did the cheese say when it saw it's self in the mirror? Halloumi!
How did the cheese paint his wife? He double Gloucester.
Dyslexic rules KO
What's the best cheese to use if you want to lure a bear out the woods? Camembert.
Just invited my friends round for a Vodka party. Everyone was in great spirits.
How many sound technicians does it take to screw in a lightbulb? One two, One two
I asked the greengrocer for a bag of onions. He gave me one and said that's shallot.
What do you call a parrot under an umbrella? Polly unsaturated
When I got home from work I joined all my watches end to end to make a belt. What a waist of time!
What did the sea say to boat? Nothing it just waved.
I got stung by a bee the other day. £20 for a jar of honey.
A dentist and a manicurist married. They fought tooth and nail.
I got myself a new job in the telescope factory. Things are really looking up.
I was in Tesco the other day and couldn't work out which pasta I needed to buy. Then the penne dropped.
How much do cockneys pay for their shampoo? Pantene.
Hear about the dyslexic pimp who bought a warehouse?
Why can't Stevie Wonder see his friends? Because he's married.
Where did Napoleon keep his armies? Up his sleevies.
My boyfriend has just got a job as a light switch engineer. Its really turned me on.
My girlfriend saw the backseat of my car last night! She said it needed hoovering.
Me: People say I've got a special way of lighting up the roomJudge: It's called arson and those people are witnesses.
Tampax have announced that they will be replacing their traditional tampon string with tinsel. This will be for the Christmas Period only.
You cant beat a boiled egg.
Two monkeys in a bath together. First one says: "Ooh Ooh Ah Ah" Second one says: "Best put some more cold water in then".
How do u find Will Smith in the snow? Look for the fresh prints.
Whats red and bad for your teeth? A brick.
What is Mr T's favourite yoghurt? Petit Filou
Why did the alien leave the party? Because the atmosphere wasn't right.
I used to go out with a Dutch girl who wore inflatable shoes, but then she popped her clogs!
What's got 8 eyes and 8 legs? 8 pirates.
I'd love to have a job cleaning mirrors. It's something I could really see myself doing.
What has 20 legs and flys? 5 dead horses.
Had a fight last night with the wife, she threw a lettuce at me! That's just the tip of the iceberg.
I once had a dog called Blacksmith. Every time i kicked it, he made a bolt for the door!
There was a fight in the chippy last night! Two fish got battered.
I got offered a 42 inch TV for £25, the only problem is that the volume button doesn't work. For that price though, you can't turn it down.
What do you get hanging from apple trees? Sore arms.
What did the girl with no arms get for Christmas? Gloves. Only joking, she hasnt opened her presents yet
What invisible and smells like carrots? Rabbit farts
What's the fastest type of cake? Scone
My horse will only come out of its stable when it gets dark. It's becoming a night mare. 
Why did the little girls ice cream melt? She was on fire.
A woman looked in the mirror and was shocked to see her first strands of grey hair. She thought she'd dye.
Why shouldn't you shake hands with Tigger? Because he plays with Pooh.
Buying spiders from the pet store costs way more than getting them off the web.
I taught my Dog to play the trumpet on the London Underground. We went from Barking to Tooting in about an hour.
Just been to visit my mates new baby, they asked me if I wanted to wind him. I thought that was a bit harsh, so I just gave him a dead leg.
I've got a joke about a tendon but it's a bit close to the bone.
Why was the pie waiting on the corner? Because it was meat n potato.
What do thieves get for stealing calendars? 12 months
My ex girlfriend was a girl called Anna Sthetic. She was a right knockout.
I went to a seafood disco last night. Pulled a mussel.
I cut my finger whilst slicing cheese. I have grater problems.
What's the difference between virgin olive oil and regular olive oil? Popeye's penis.
How many psychologists does it take to change a lightbulb? One, but that lightbulb has to want to change.
My family think I spend too much time doing dot-to-dot puzzles. But it's okay, I know where to draw the line.
What did the female dinosaur call her blouse business? Try Sarah's tops.
What do you call a boomerang that won't come back? A stick
Becoming vegetarian is a big missed steak.
Two cannibals eating a clown. One turns to the other and says "This taste funny to you?"
Someone threw a piece of cheese at me in the supermarket, I didn't think it was very mature.
I thought I'd lost my dog in London at the weekend. Turns out he was just outside Barking.
How do you get Pikachu on a bus? Pokemon.
My front door was cheap. Made of foam. You can't knock it!
I drank a bottle of cat shampoo last night. Dont ask meow!
Why did the little girl fall off the swings? Because she has no arms.
What do you call a sheep in the army? Lambo
I met the man who invented windowsills. What a ledge.
What's E.T. Short for? He's only got little legs!
My wife said she was leaving me because of my obsession with "The Monkeys". I thought she was joking, then I saw her face.
The wife is cleaning out the cupboards, dirty, filthy and covered in cobwebs. But she's good with the kids!
I told my Mum I'd made a car out of spaghetti, but she didn't believe me! Should of seen her face when I drove pasta.
Went into a record shop and asked if they had anything by The Doors. He said "yes, a plant and a fire blanket."
What did the bad plant say to the good plant? I've turned over a new leaf.
I had a huge fight with my girlfriend yesterday, but I know she'll come crawling back to me. I stole her wheelchair.
Threw the washing machine at the missus. Bosch!!
My wife has left me because she says I keep treating her like a pet. She'll be back when she's hungry.
My dad told me to stop using such high calibre rounds when we were out hunting. As usual, it went in one deer and out the other.
I used to have a job as a drill operator. It was well boring.
After complaints about its bright lights, our local Chinese restaurant has agreed to Dim Sum.
When a clock is hungry it goes back four seconds.
My pet mouse 'Elvis' died last last. He was caught in a trap..
The wife asked me to get that spray that will make the curtains smell nicer. Apparently femfresh wasn't it
Whats green and smells of pork? Kermits finger.
Tried to catch fog yesterday. Mist
Where do fish keep their money? In a riverbank.
What does a Mexican put under his carpet? Underlay, underlay.
Why did Sepp Blatter cross the road? To get to the other bribe!
What the best cheese to hide a horse with? Mascarpone.
One of the best things about living I Sweden? Well, the flag is a big plus.
It's a sad day today my best pal died of heartburn. I still can't believe Gaviscon.
Whats the difference between a hippo and a zippo? Ones heavy the others a little lighter.
Was walking round Tesco's the other day and a bloke threw a big lump of cheese at me! I thought how dairy!
I'm going to a deodorant party at the weekend. Roll on Saturday.
Man goes into a chip shop with a salmon under his arm. He says "Got any fishcakes?" "No sorry" "Awww that's a shame it's his birthday"
Bought myself a universal remote control last night. This could change everything..
A clown has been sacked for turning up late for his job at the circus. He is suing for funfair dismissal.
What do you call a cowboy with no money? Skint Eastwood.
This song is called subtraction Take it away!
A bloke walked into a Fishmongers with a giant condom under his arm. "A pound a fillet?" The Fishmonger replied "A pound you don't".
Took the shell off my racing snail this weekend. Thought it might speed him up. If anything, it made him more sluggish.
Have you heard about the new Eddie Stobart film coming out? It looks quite good, i've seen the trailer!
Breaking News: Pedigree Chum have gone bust! They've called in the retrievers.
Did you hear about the magic tractor? It turned into a field.
Two fish in a tank. One says to the other "Do you know how to drive this?"
If you hold a mackerel to your ear you can just about hear the fishmonger in Morrisons telling you to put the fucker down.
What is a pirate's favourite letter of the alphabet? None. Historians have suggested that most pirates would have been illiterate.
Why did the Baker have brown hands? Because he kneaded a poo.
What's the difference between light and hard? You can go to bed with a light on.
A bloke just ran up to me and said he was going to beat me up with the neck of his guitar! I said, is that a fret?
What kind of bees produce milk? Boo-bees.
Roses are red, Violets are blue, I've got dementia, Cheese on toast.
Did you hear about the dyslexic agnostic? He didn't believe in Dog.
Got caught having a pee in the local swimming pool today. Lifeguard shouted so loud, I almost fell in...
Today my dog 'Minton' swallowed a shuttlecock. Bad Minton!!!
Did you hear about the blind circumciser? He got the sack!
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
2 dyslexics are in a kitchen. One says to the other "can you smell food?" The other one says "I can't even smell my own name!"
I had a threesome with a scalene and an isosceles. It was a love triangle.
My wife came home from work crying yesterday and asked me to console her. So I hit her over the head with my Xbox.
What is E.T. short for? He has really small legs
It's real hard being a single mother when you're male and In your mid-twenties.
Paying rent is like hitting a snooze button on being homeless.
If an apple is 100% paralyzed , is it considered a fruit or a vegetable?
The happier Asian's get, the less they can see.
New study shows that slight overweight women live longer                      Than the men who mention it
My coworker keeps showing me pics asking if I've seen her baby. I told her it's been two years and she's not going to find them
I used to do drugs. I still do, but I used to too.
Why do you never make fun of a fat girl with a lisp? She's probably thick and tired of it
Smoking cigarettes is a great way to commit suicide if you're a procrastinator.
Speeding has never killed anyone. suddenly becoming stationary, now THATS what gets you.
Watching Jeopardy backward is like seeing 3 panelists ask questions where Trebek always gets them right
When I'm bored, I call sick into places I don't work, today I'm getting written up at Ross.
What's a pirate's favorite thing to read?
Nothing, he can't.
What's worse than finding a fly in your soup?
This punchline
Saw a raggedly dressed boy in the street and asked if he was an orphan. "what gave me away?" He asked, I said, "your parents"
I came across a hooker who'd do anything for $50
Guess who got the porch repainted?
I try to teach my mom something new every day, because you're supposed to learn from your mistakes
I wanted to marry my English teacher when she got out of prison.. But apparently you can't end a sentence with a proposition
If a wipe down my vacuum with a paper towel.. That makes me a vacuum cleaner.
Did anyone wake green day up?
If the gas station is 2 miles away and my dad can drive at 60MPH, why hasn't returned from getting snacks for 6 years?
So glad I don't have to  hunt for food. I don't even know where sandwiches live.
What do you call crystal clear urine? 1080pee
Is it bad to hate a certain race? Because I absolutely loathe Rainbow Road.
If you're an astronaut and don't break up with someone by saying ' I need some space ' you're wasting everyone's time.
Just designed a website for orphans. There is no Home page.
Two deer walk out of a gay bar. One turns and says to the other, "I can't believe I just blew 30 bucks in there.
Which came first, the chicken or the egg?

Neither, the rooster did
What did the kid with no hands get for Christmas?

Gloves.

Just kidding, he hasn't gotten the box open yet.
I have to use a stepladder since my real ladder left when I was young.
Why can't orphans play baseball? They don't know where home is.
Why do orphans play tennis? Cause it's the only love they can get.
My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a life ban from the zoo.
Bought a cake for my girlfriend and wrote 'I'm baking up with you' on it.
Why don't black people get sunburned? Because most prisons are indoors.
If you wait for the waiter to return..Doesn't that MAKE you the waiter?
Australians don't have sex, they mate.
While cooking breakfast I asked my girlfriend how she likes her eggs, she said fertilized. 😶
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Cause he neverlands haah
Why do sorority girls walk in odd-numbered packs? Because they can't even.
The best part about dead baby jokes is they ever get old
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
The wheelchair
I broke my pinky today. It hurts, But on the other hand, I'm just fine.
What do you call a Jewish pokemon trainer? 

Ash
How do you know if lady gaga is dead? You poke her face
What happens if Pinocchio says 'My nose will now grow'?
What do you get when you cross a joke and a rhetorical question?
So two dyslexics walk into a bra.
So I saw a magic tractor today. It was driving down the street and turned into a field.
So two fish are in a tank and one turns to the other and says, "How do you drive this thing?"
Whoever invented knock knock jokes should win a no bell prize.
How does a medium talk with shoes?
She converses
Three years ago today  I asked a beautiful girl to go on a date. Today I asked her to be my wife.
She said no both times.
What is it called when you kill your friend? Homiecide.

Or murder
If tomatoes are fruit then isn't ketchup actually a smoothie?
What if soy milk is just regular milk introducing itself in Spanish?
How come you can drink a drink but not food  a food?
What did the homeless man get for Christmas? Frostbite.
Once you have a PhD, every meeting you go to is a doctor's appointment.
Random thought, I've never seen an Asian woman pregnant.
I once asked a pretty homeless woman If I could take her home. She said yes, but you shoulda seen her face when I took her box!
Walk into the building like whaddup I got a oh no I'm so sorry wrong building please continue with your funeral God bless
I really want to buy one of those grocery checkout dividers but the checkout lady keeps putting it back.
Want a stable relationship? Get a horse!
Will Smith really looks like that guy from Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.
What do you call fly with no wings? A walk! Hahaha.. Heh .
Plugs keep bending? Straighten the outlet with a fork!
I gave Easter candy to my roommates and I'm officially dubbed the mom of the apartment now.
I'm a social vegan. I avoid meet.
Why aren't iphone chargers called apple juice?
#instagram : Made for people who don't want to beg for friends on Facebook.
I wonder if King-sized sheets are called Presidential-sized sheets in Europe..
There's 364 more days until Christmas and people already have their Christmas lights up. Unbelievable.
New food naming trend at the office, today i ate a sandwich named Steve.
Introducing free idiot tests! Only $5!
Do homeless people understand knock knock jokes?
staring from a distance counts is flirting, right?
I hate living where I do. I used to think 55 degrees is cold now I think 18 degrees is warm.
I often worry that mankind is going to start world war 3 solely because we enjoy trilogies.
paused Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory to go buy a Snickers. This is why I can't watch breaking bad.
My new years resolution is to remember...umm...
Sometimes I cry when cutting carrots just so the onions don't think they are ugly or something.
to this day, the boys at that used to bully me and take my lunch money still does. on the plus side, he makes great Subway sandwiches.
Why can't someone look at me the way i look at French fries..
I remember 2012 like it was yesterday..
Just illegally downloaded a video while here in Jamaica. Does that make me a pirate of the Caribbean?
Don't worry, Mayans. If you get it wrong, it's not the end of the world.
Lost my mood ring.. Not sure how I feel about this.
I never finish anyth
Once upon a time, computers were only used for Paint and Space Pinball.
Myth:

It is said to be that once the 'M' in MTV once stood for music.
Of course I talk to myself. Sometimes I need an expert opinion.
Of course gay men dress well. They didn't spend all that time in the closet doing nothing.
To girls who say all men are the same, nobody said you had to try them all.
There are two deaf blokes Sat at each end of the bus, signing each other wildly. I'm fighting the urge to ask them to keep it down.
I'm writing a joke about a guy's first day at FedEx but I just can't get the delivery right.
I saw some ducks practicing their teenage girl faces at the pond today.
If Eve doomed the human population for an apple.. What would she do for a Klondike?
Money can't buy happiness, but I'd much rather cry in a mansion.
All girls that are 13-17 look exactly the same now. #college
If anyone is interested, I'll be signing books tomorrow at Barnes and Noble from 6 PM until I'm escorted out by security.
I like to freak my dentist out by seductively licking his fingers during procedures.
My wallet is so fat it's uncomfortable to sit. #richpeopleproblems
Halo 4: Saving more Teen pregnancies than Trojan.
Ugh, stewardess wants us to turn off our portable electronics. Knew I should've brought my full desktop PC for this flight.
I've gotta stop saying "How stupid can you be?". Too many people are taking it as a challenge.
If you're having a bad day, just remember that someone has to clean the bathroom at Taco Bell.
They say nothing rhymes with orange. They're wrong. Nothing doesn't rhyme with orange.
I just got gas for $1.39 today at lunch! Gotta love Taco Bell.
I walked into the boss's office and handed him a pear. He asked,Whats this for? A pay rise.My wife told me to grow it first and then ask u
I'm pretty sure Dora the Explorer is the maid on Family Guy.
My homework brings all the Asians to the yard, and they're like, it wasn't that hard.
My boss:Ive noticed u nodding off during meetings recently.r u getting enough sleep?
Me:Not really,the meetings are a lot shorter these days
I keep a baseball bat under the bed just in case someone breaks in and pitches a ball to me.
Today I am running around the park and putting sprinkles on dog crap so people's days aren't ruined.
For Halloween this year I think I'm gonna go around to all the hospices and retirement homes and put up cemetery wallpaper.
I have a fear of speed bumps..but I'm slowly getting over it.
What if Taylor Swift and Adele started dating and then broke up?
Guys that try to pick up girls on Twitter are pathetic. Girls If you agree message me your number and we can talk about it.
My advice to men; marry someone who looks sexy disappointed.
The reason I wish I was in a gang would be so I know what to do with my hands in pictures.
Snooki's son is going to hate it when his friends discover Yo mama jokes.
I don't know why people want white iPhones... Everyone knows blacks run faster than whites.
Some girl yelled at me ' you're so hot!!' today on the street. Dont believe me? Ask Brad Pitt, he was Standing Right behind me.
I think I'm gonna get a cat just to blame it all the time for being a pussy.
If guns don't kill people, people kill people, does that mean that toasters don't toast toast, toast toast toast?
Did you just throw sodium chloride at me?! That's assault!
They say there are a lot of scammers on the Internet! And for only $19.95 a month I can show you how to stop them!
I prefer not to think before speaking. I like being just surprised as everyone else by the crazy stuff that comes out of my mouth.
I hate when I'm standing there trying to be handsome when some other guy comes and stands next to me and challenges my handsomeness.
Tired of lacing shoes? Just replace them with earphones! They'll magically get knotted up every time, guaranteed.
Sometimes I forget how to spell a word and I change the entire sentence just to avoid using that word.
What if oxygen lowers your voice and helium brings it back to normal?
The worst thing about having more money than sense is probably the fact I don't have very much money.
I gotta dig bick. You that read wrong. That awkward when you read that wrong also. And said "moment" after awkward. This is awkward.
I've just won 10 million on the lottery and decided to buy my local Chinese takeaway called 'Happiness'.

Your move, philosophers.
Do the Chinese people who visit America realize they bought souvenirs made in their own country?
If vegetarians loved animals so much, they would stop eating all their food.
Documentaries: Like real movies except with ugly people.
Why can Mario smash bricks with his head but dies when he gets touched by a turtle?
It's the little things that count. That's why I'm hosting a math class for midgets.
How do you pronounce tomato? Is it tomato or tomato?
I don't hate you, but If you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it.
I hate the part of the morning where I have to get out of bed and actually participate in life.
A boy goes to a strip club. His mom gets angry and asks him: Did you see anything there that you weren't supposed to see?

Boy: Yes, dad!
Q. Where do fags park?

A. In the rear.
Teacher: Johnny, you know you can't sleep in my class. 

Johnny: I know. But maybe if you were just a little quieter, I could.
Yo mama so fat when she steps on a scale, it read "one at a time, please"
Irony:

90 people get the Swine Flu and everybody wants to wear a mask.

A million people have AIDS and no one wants to wear a condom
I once dated a girl who had a parrot.

Dang thing would never shut up.

Bird was cool though.
Just saw two homeless men hitting each other with cardboard. Pillow fight.
Anyone know how long it takes this Axe body spray to get you swarms of girls? I've been drinking this stuff for weeks now.
If a red-headed man works at a bakery, is he a ginger bread man?
Titanic was a slut. She went down on the first date and ironically swallowed a bunch of seamen, too.
My girlfriend once asked me what turned me on: her sexy body or pretty face, I replied' your sense of humor'
An elephant asks a camel why it had breasts on its back and the camel replied, ' silly question for someone who has a dick on its face '
If women ruled the world there wouldn't be any wars, just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.
There are two types of people in this world. People who pee in the shower, and dirty freaking liars.
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?

Wiped his butt.
Alcohol never solves any problems.

But then again, neither does milk.
I shouldn't have driven home from the bar last night.

Especially since I walked there.
I'm going to order a pizza and act confused when it arrives. 'for Chase? Chase is DEAD! He died ordering a pizza in this house 10 years ago!
To do:
1) Dig a hole
2) Name it love
3) Watch people fall in it
Something just occurred to me. Why are all the 'intelligent life' finding sources pointed away from earth?
I bought my wife some of that "volume control" shampoo.

Doesn't work, I can still hear her.
I only trust people who like big butts.

Cause they can not lie.
"And God promised men that good and obedient wives would be found at all corners of the earth. Then he made the world round and laughed.."
I struggle with my laziness. I'm like, "should I sit down and do nothing or lie down and do nothing?"
Why I donate sperm instead of blood? I MAKE lives not save them. And you know, other stuff.
I tried to log onto Twitter earlier today. It said,"Cookies are required to operate." I thought to myself, "Me too Twitter. Me too."
If robbers ever broke into my house and searched for money, I'd just laugh and search with them.
They should readjust clothing size to S,M,L,XL,F(at) and 2F(at).
I hate it when old people poke me at a wedding and say, "you're next". So I started doing the same thing to them at funerals.
If a bunch if midgets did a wave, would it be called a ripple?
Yo momma so fat she have flabby thighs but lucky for you her stomach covers em.
I named my hard drive "dat ass" so that once a month, my computer asks me if I want to, "back dat ass up."
It sucks when a bathroom sign says 'employees must wash hands' and I wait for over an hour and no one comes to wash my hands.
10 reasons I’m lazy:
1)
I got this really cute girl's number today.
I'm starting to think that I should cause car accidents more often.
Running away doesn't help you with your problems, unless you're fat.
Weather outside is BEAUTIFUL today. I think I'll go for a run. I won't do it, but I'll think about it.
So, I was just standing around, doing nothing, when I got arrested for impersonating a police officer.
Yo Momma is so stupid she spent all day saying 'am not' to R2
Me: "How do you spell HIV?" 
Friend:"H.I.V" 
Me: "Are you positive?" 
Friend:"Yes... Wait no... Damn!"
Listen, calling people names says a lot more about you than it does about them, idiot.
I am glad technology has progressed to the point where we can take pictures that look like ones taken when technology sucked. #instagram
Obesity doesn't run in my family, the problem is no one does.
I give back to the world by seeding my torrents.
Statistics show that teen pregnancy rapidly drop after the age of 19.
God is love.
But Satan does that thing with his tongue that you love.
If you think you are having a bad day..just remember one day somebody is going to have Snooki as a mom.
The symbol in which everyone thinks is a heart  is not actually derived from an actual heart? But a rear view of a girl bending over.
My ex? Yea I'd still hit that... with a bus.
I'm going to start a beer brand and name it Responsibly.
My mate says,I remember my very first date with my wife,can u?
"Yeah,"I replied,she was wearing sexy red lingerie,then u closed the curtains
Yo momma jokes are old, common and used by everyone.

Just like yo momma.
Stop calling yourself hot. The only thing you turn on is a microwave.
Sometimes, I put my hands on the floor, tuck my head toward my chest and then lean forward... 'Cause that's how I roll.
This shout out is dedicated to all my blind followers: ... .. ... . .... ... .. ... .. . ..... ... ... . ..
"What do we want?"
"A cure for obesity!"
"When do we want it?"
"After lunch!"
 My wife used to be a regular customer at McDonalds.

These days, she's more of a large.
If my friend asks me to keep a secret, and says, "Don't tell a soul," can I still tell my ginger friend?
Once you turn 21, you can finally legally do all the things you've been doing since you were 16.
Jehovah's Witness' don't celebrate Halloween. I guess they don't like random strangers coming to their door.
No one ends life a virgin, life screws us all.
I got a new deodorant today. The instructions said to remove cap and push up bottom. Now I can Hardly walk, but my farts smell awesome.
I don't know whats more awkward. answering Dora, or sitting in silence as she stares at you.
Why was Michael Jackson once spotted at K-Mart? He heard child's pants were half off.
My girlfriend just asked for some alone time.. I made her a MySpace account.
I love the anonymity of the Internet. I could be tweeting this naked and you would never know.
Heard Apple was making a new iPod Touch model targeting a younger audience. I don't think the ' iTouch Kids ' is gonna be a big success.
I'm going to try winking as much in real life as I do in texts. ;)
I'll act my age when I'm 69.
I'm not affected by the price of gas, I just get $20 worth every time.
Inspecting mirrors is a job I could really see myself doing.
9/11 Jokes are just plane wrong, and Nazi jokes aren't funny, Ann frankly I am quite offended by them.
Hey, I lost my phone. If you find it, call or text me, would ya?
So I'm at Golden Gate bridge and everyone is telling me to jump, I'm only out for a jog!
I saw a girl fully clothed walking by me at the mall earlier today, 'Skank' I thought to myself, 'I bet she's naked under all those clothes'
I'm always willing to put in more hours at work, specifically lunch hours.
I am so jealous of my parents because there is no way I'll get a kid as cool as theirs.
Birth control pills should be for men. It makes much more sense to unload a gun than to shoot at a bulletproof vest.
My imaginary girlfriend just put me in the friendzone.
Decided to get into shape..I choose shape of potatoe.
Saving your document as "fgaskljdflkjsan" and having your computer say the file name is already taken.
Have you ever noticed razor blades taste just like blood?
Bought my gay friend a GPS just so it would tell him to go straight.
Condoms come in three sizes. Small, medium, and liar.
My girlfriend says I'm too immature...well no more treehouse privileges for her.
As soon as I finish wiping is when my bowels choose to RELEASE THE KRACKEN
At me bro you come. - Yoda
You're a Philosophy major you say? Impressive, and yes, please make my order a combo.
someone called me gay for wearing heels the other day..but I was not going to wear tennis shoes with that dress.
All atheists are hypocrites. Why, you say? They've all taken math. 2^4 is a higher power.
By definition, people with bad ideas cannot be swayed by logic.
Why do they offer senior discounts? They've had twice as long as anyone else to get the money!
For all you who think nothing is impossible, please go staple jello to a tree.
My buddy just asked me where he's supposed to rub the computer to turn it on..
Sorry I haven't tweeted today. Justin Bieber's new album is out tonight, been standing in line all day to jump off Golden Gate Bridge.
Never go fishing with Skrillex, he always drops the bass.
I hate it when my Ferrari runs out of gas and I have to drive my Lamborghini.
Quote of the day: "Whenever you're feeling powerless, remember that just one of your turds can shut down a whole swimming pool."
I just told my friend that I am going to be a comedian--he laughed at me. I'm off to a good start!
My credit card company loves me. Every day, I get a call from them saying my balance is outstanding.
To all you vegetarians, the lifestyle you have chosen is a big missed steak .
Hitch hikers are the friendliest people in the world. Everytime I pass one, they give me a thumbs up!
My girlfriend said she was going to leave me because I am too impatient. 

I can't wait.
My Contacts have been very irritating lately, so I deleted them off my phone .
Read a caution label 'Avoid contact with eyes' --shoot! I've already seen it!
I went to the store to buy 6 cans of Sprite. Got to check-out and realized I picked 7up
So my girlfriend asked me for something that could go
From 0-200 in 5 seconds. I gave her a bathroom scale.
I hate being bipolar. It is awesome.
My game dog sucks at chess.
Don't ever run away from your problems, unless your problem is being chased by a bear.
I stuck my head out the window while driving and got arrested for mooning..
Scored a job as an accountant. My new nickname is 'The Thought'.
A non-conformist. Just like everybody else.
I dont see the issue over whether prisoners get the right to
Vote or not. Criminals get elected anyway.
Elleene Polley, inventor of the TV remote, has died. He shall be buried underneath the sofa cushions.
All girls are iron man. Fe=Iron Male=Man
Shout out to my boy Brian for saving 18 lives yesterday. Saved 2 cats from a tree.
That awkward moment when your sentence doesn't end the way you octopus.
What If Aliens only abduct crazy people BECAUSE no one will believe them?
That awkward moment when you realize the moment is just that.
Hi my name is Avoid Completely. Danger is my middle name.
I hope college is gonna be as easy as half the girls that go there.
Let's be frank here. I'm Sinatra.
I think the biggest cause of dry skin is towels.
Every 60 seconds in Africa, a minute passes away. We have got to put an end to this!
What do I do when I'm too attractive ? Oops, meant to google ;)
Nickelback walks into a bar...there is no punch line cause ruining music isn't funny.
I'm always looking  for my Number 1. You see, I'm not a very good aim in the bathroom.
A headache is just your brain trying to comprehend its own stupidity.
According to Kinect, I am the controller, so whenever I lose, I throw myself on the ground and stomp on myself.
You think living on the streets is bad? I'm from the sidewalk. Stepped on a crack and grew up motherless.
I was gonna do nothing today, but then I realized I hadn't finished doing it yesterday.
What do you call a Mexican that lost his vehicle? Carlos
Who is this feat. Guy? He's in a lot of songs.
I think "Shots" by LMFAO was paid off by doctors during flu season.
Study shows researchers waste a lot of time finding out dumb things.
My hugely-fat teacher was talking about the issue of obesity in America. Talk about an elephant in the room.
Got a puzzle that said "2-4 years" only took me 1.
So I was at work at a conference call eating Cheetos without muting the mic. This is what I've always dreamt work would be.
You compliment your friend on their mustache and suddenly she doesn't talk to you anymore. WTF?
My friend said he got high from sniffing Coke, but I only have Pepsi. How do I do it?
My Nigerian wife looked at our 5-year-old kid and said "aww, they blow up so fast"
I wonder if the ladies at the clubs can hear what the sings are saying about them.
I hate when I lose my white friends in the snow
They say there is safety in numbers. Tell that to 6 million Jews.
The only reason why I want to legalize weed in America is so that potheads have nothing ever to talk about ever again.
I heard that Apple was planning on an iPad Mini.. I thought they already had one? The iPhone.
I've got an obsession with cats. My girlfriend is kicking meeeeowwwt.
My great granddad perished on the sinking of the Titanic..he had a heart attack in The movies last week.
I think McDonald's only truthful menu item is the No. 2
I go to all these step-by-step programs and I still don't know how to dance.
Saw a bud's tweet saying "spending The night with my girl" I chuckled to myself because that movie SUCKED.
I think I'm having a no-life crisis.
I have a joke about unemployment, but it needs some work.
My brother is in prison for something he didn't do--run fast enough.
The people who make medicine clearly do not know what fruit tastes like.
A blonde read a news headline, "12 Brazilian soldiers killed" She shook her head and asked her friend, "How many is a Brazilian?"
To the person who invented 0: Thanks for nothing.
Supervision: not as cool as it sounds.
I have two identical watches. I've got time to spare
Anxiety: Half of the time you're worried about the other half of the time.
I don't go to The doctors because they Insist their profession is called a practice.
One guy asked another: "Have you ever gone to bed with an ugly woman?"
His friend replied: "No, but I've woken up with plenty."
The only people that feel bad about wasting their life are the people that wouldn't be able to do anything useful with it, anyway.
Politics: the fastest way to piss of anybody and get enemies.
The "check engine" light came on, so I did.

Yup, still there.
I'm a fast listener. I listen to my girlfriend so fast I usually finish listening before she's done talking.
I went to the caucus meeting, got bored, went home and decided to learn about government by listening to Rage Against the Machine.
My humbleness is my best quality.
I've never met a mirror I didn't like.
I'm having car trouble. I can't afford to put the gas in.
I just met the girl of my dreams. I forgot about her just a few minutes after I saw her.
English teachers put more thoughts into novels than the authors do.
What activity do 3 out of 4 people call a good time? Gang rape.
How a pessimist counts his blessings, "10..9..8..7.."
I tried to throw away my yo yo, it was freaking impossible.
Married men live longer than single men, but they are more willing to die.
If steroids are illegal for athletes, Photoshop should be for models.
Does the Little Mermaid wear an algebra?
Changed the computer password to "keepquiet" because that's something my girlfriend does not know how to do.
Women are reasonable! As long as we admit they're right, we don't have to agree to anything.
Television: A device that enables people aren't doing anything to watch people who can't do anything.
The only reason why I'm hot is because I got fired.
I deleted my facebook because I don't care that 758 of my friends have colds.
Prius: a tampon on wheels.
If all men are the same, why do women take so long to find one?
I gave my girlfriend blood today, I know it's not a great Valentine's gift , but it came from the heart.
Fool me once , shame on me. Fool me twice, shame on thee. Fool me 8 times , you're probably a woman.
Men don't care whats on tv. They care what else is on tv.
Looks like my do absolutely nothing and get filthy rich plan isn't working.
Valentines day is cancelled. Want proof? 14-02-12=0
I would never be a doctor. Id have to work on the weakened.
What concert costs 45 cents? 50 cent and nickel back.
I think I speak for everyone on Twitter when I say blah blah blah blah.
Your mommas so fat, she uses Google++++
This planking epidemic is getting out of hand. The old lady next door has been laying outside for 3 days now.
Did Adam and eve have belly buttons?
I just watched the entire P90X series and didn't lose a single pound. What a scam!
What is the same about Netflix and diarrhea? They both stream instantly.
Sorry for no tweets yesterday, I think my neighbors forgot to pay the Internet bill. How irresponsible of them.
Naming one of my children Bass so if I drop them no one will get mad at me.
As soon as women see me, they immediately in shape to impress me. They start running.
Changing my Facebook language to Spanish. So now instead of a "Like" button, I have a "Me Gusta" button.
I wonder if the girls on 16 and pregnant will come back and have a show called 32 and a grandma?
Need a new book that will just blow your Mind? Read Twilight! You'll read a page and want to shoot yourself.
When a deaf person sees me yawn, does he think I'm screaming?
My cat should stop thinking outside of the box.
My parents are omnipotent. In other words, they are all-no-ing.
When a women says 'What?' it's not because she didn't hear you. Shes giving you a chance to change what you said.
I'm gonna make a book called there's Waldo. And you have to find everything else.
If I turned invisible I'd go to Paris and beat up a street mime. The amount of applause he would get would be amazing.
Do you think Satan gets a lot of letters from Dyslexic kids during Christmas?
The chances of you dying on the way to get your lottery tickets are greater than your chances of winning.
Hitler without a blindfold: " I can see"
Hitler with a blindfold: " I can Nazi"
Teacher: A person who helps you solve problems you wouldn't have without them.
"Wow, nice pair of crocs"
-Said no one, ever.
Was on Yahoo! Answers and saw a question. 
"How big is the specific ocean?"
I replied, " Can you be more pacific? "
My girlfriend says I never take her anywhere expensive, so I took her to the gas station.
The problem with political jokes is they always get elected.
I walk by the clock to pass the time.
For every dollar a man makes, a woman makes seventy cense. That's not fair cause the man is only left with .30.
If I had a quarter for every time homeless person asked me for change, I'd still say no.
The only thing easier to pick up when it's heavy is women.
So stressed my acne just broke out.
When a recipe asks for crushed ice, I tell the cubes they'll never amount to anything.
You know that tingly feeling you get when you like someone? That's common sense leaving your body.
Do you ever get the feeling you're being watched? Because if it's bothering you, I'll stop.
I think men who have a pierced ear are more prepared for marriage. They've already bought jewelry and have experienced pain.
'Yo yo'--a six year old's favorite toy, or two gang members talking? You be the judge.
Sometimes, I miss being in a relationship. But then I look in my wallet and feel alright again.
An angel came and told me God has been hearing my prayers...and they're really creeping Him out.
I'm not ignoring you, I'm pretending you're dead.
My girlfriend left me for my neediness of approval. That's ridiculous, right guys? Right? Right?
Roses are grey.
Violets are grey.
I'm colorblind.
Instead of cosmetics, I'm giving my wife PhotoShop.
Some girl just said she wanted to have my children. Im dropping off my 2-year-old tomorrow.
Why do people take years to write a novel when they can buy one for a couple bucks?
Magicians make people disappear all the time! But as soon as I take and hide a regular person everyone freaks out!
The first time I sang in the church choir about 200 hundred people changed their religion.
It pains me to say this...but I have a sore throat.
Age has its advantages. Too bad no one that old can remember what they are.
When someone calls me ugly, I get super sad and hug them, because I know how tough life is for the visually impaired.
I'm super lazy. It's like lazy, but I wear a cape.
When I went to the urologist he said I had to go.
I want to find my true self. But for fun, I decided to throw on some camouflage.
All men make mistakes. Married men just find out about them quicker.
Ever decide to run a red light but the guy in front of you chickens out?
Do you know what all kind of imported port-a-potties should be called? EUROPEAN.
The only time I smile when I have done something wrong, is when I have found someone to blame it on.
People like you are the reason we have middle fingers.
I'm happy. Don't ruin it by talking to me.
I'd rather have a mustache than a baby.
In a thousand years, archaeologists will dig up tanning beds and think we fried people for punishment.
"Last night, I was sitting so long that I had to do some stretches before I used the bathroom." -Corinna M
Foosball: A combination of soccer and shish kabobs.
I never knew true happiness until I got married...then it was too late.
Anything not made by God is made in China.
You so ugly even a basilisk couldn't look you in the eye.
Making another Facebook profile called Ahontas and have people poke me.
The last piece of that Butterfinger I ate in '07 finally came out of my teeth.
I tried on a pair of jeans from 7 years ago and they still fit perfectly. My "eat whatever I want and hope nothing happens" diet is working!
Whenever I have a problem, I just sing. Then I realize that my voice is worse than my problem and it isn't a big deal anymore.
Home alone and something just farted. Don't know whether to laugh or be scared.
Was in the gym earlier and jumped on the treadmill.people were giving me weird looks so I started jogging instead.
My girlfriend said my brother is ugly, I typically wouldn't mind, but we are identical twins.
When people tell me to make myself at home, I begin to yell invariably at the tv.
Take my advice, do not take my advice.
Some day you'll go far, and I hope you stay there.
I have horrible luck. The only girl in the world for me is my adopted sister.
I'm going to open a parachute company. Because anyone who would complain about my product is already dead.
I predict we have been reading the Mayan calendar upside-down an we still have another 2000 years to live.
Trying to figure out why suicidal pilots wear helmets.
Ugly people don't need beauty sleep, they need hibernation.
When girls say "let's just be friends" it's like your mom telling you that your dog died but you can still keep it.
My New Year's resolution is to make commitments I can't keep. I am well on my way.
If I ate myself would I be twice as big or disappear completely?
The only dream that ever comes true is one about peeing.
Liking your own Facebook status is like high-fiving yourself in public.
Fundraiser idea: Play 'Baby' by Justin Bieber constantly, and have people pay to make it stop.
New Year's Resolution: 1: Buy a padlock. 2: Find a person with Tunnel plugs( holes in their ear). 3: Lock it onto their ear. 4: Run.
Just bought some Emo grass seed for the lawn. It cuts itself!
We live a society where obesity is uprising and skinny jeans are a fad. Please help me.
Iasanamericanhavediscoveredanewwaytobelazyandthatisusingnospacebar.
I stood up and the button on my shirt fell off, I grabbed my bag and the handle broke off, and now I'm really afraid to go to the bathroom.
Video games have better plots than moves nowadays.
I met the girl of my dreams, then I woke up.
Don't lie to me! That's what the government does!
Dog: Man's best friend.
Cat: Man's reclusive roommate who poops in a box.
Does this XXXXL shirt make me look fat?
Do you think when midgets take drugs they get medium instead of high?
Did you ever noticed the word 'bed' actually looks like one?
I say 'Pika' every time before I sneeze.
Chuck Norris is a stupid actor! if he was a good actor he'd come over and slap my head on the keyknadjndbndkndbjdknskodokdnsnmanbsjdo
What people don't realize: Those people who think paying $60 for a video game is a waste just bought themselves a $300 pair of shoes.
I was looking at my family tree and noticed a dog peeing on it.
The best person for the job is the one who understands it well enough not to want it.
Ernie, would you like some ice cream? Sherbert!
Need a distraction? Not only does 12+1=11+2, but the letters "twelve plus one" rearrange to give you "eleven plus two".
Press Alt + F4 to finish the joke..
Shotgun Weddings : A wife or death situation.
I live everyday trying not to disappoint those three people who wrote "Stay Cool" in my yearbook.
Sometimes wisdom doesn't come with age, sometimes just age likes to show up.
I once had a girlfriend who could look into the future. She left me before we met.
one out of every four Americans is suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they are okay, its 
You
As I said before, I never repeat myself!
I'm going to get a bumper sticker that says "If you can read this, I can slam on my breaks and sue you"
Just sold my car for gas money.
Watching a blonde with lipstick on her forehead, she must be making up hermind.
Watched a blonde staring at an orange juice for 20 minutes, finally asked her what she was doing and she said it said "concentrate"
I have a degree in art--you want fries with that?
111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321
- Don't be irreplaceable, if you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted.
Just changed my ringtone to a busy signal. Why haven't I thought of this before?
If I melt dry ice, can I swim without getting wet?
Beauty is only a light switch away.
Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time. I think I've forgotten this before.
Just found a misspelled word in the dictionary... What do I do?!?!
I considered atheism but there weren't enough holidays
If you see your friend Jack on an airplane, don't say Hi to him.
What's the difference between a girlfriend and a wife? 45 pounds.
Did you hear about the paranoid dyslexic? He thought he was following someone.
I wish school was as easy as half the girls that go there.
The reason I don't watch Jersey Shore is because I can watch talking carrots on VeggieTales.
I still miss my ex-girlfriend, but my aim is improving
I wanted to lose weight so I went to the paint store. I heard I could get thinner there.
Police were called to a daycare where a three-year-old was resisting a rest.
Need an ark to save two of every animal? I noah guy.
I would take a bullet for anybody, unless it was shot out of a gun.
Im sorry, did The middle of my sentence interrupt the beginning of yours?
A men tells his doctor "Doc, help,I'm addicted to Twitter!" the doctor replies, "sorry, I dont follow you.."
It's always funny until someone gets hurt. Then it's hilarious.
What is it called when I pay people off not to call it bribery?
I learn from the mistake of others who take my advice.
I put off more things by 9:00am than most people do all day.
People can be so full of crap. They should consider a laxative.
Why'd The blonde get fired from The M&M factory? She threw away all The W's
If a man with no arms has a gun, is he armed?
What's the other word for synonym?
I'm amazed swearing isn't a part of Driver's Ed.
Just saw a guy hairier than Chewbacca dipped in Rogaine
I'm busier than a one-toothed man in a corn-on-the-cob eating contest.
Originality is The art of concealing your sources.
Marriage is not a word. It's a sentence.
Follow your dreams, except for the one where your naked at work.
Got some new underwear today, well, to me.
I'm not a pessimist. I have a B Negative blood type.
Want to save money on car insurance? Flee the scene!
They need to change the national bird to Kentucky Fried Chicken.
Nothing makes me feel more in control then the shaking, panicking icons when I'm about to delete an app.
Can't find the bottom of my shoes. Guess I have some sole searching to do.
Went to open mic night and it was just some dude talking about his life.
I'm throwing a party for people who have issues with orgasms. Can you come?
Twilight's like soccer. They run around for two hours, nobody scores, and its billion fans claim you just don't understand.
Why do women live longer, peaceful lives? Because they don't have a wife!
Girl: Do you know, why were females created before males?
Boy: Because God needed a rough funny draft before the final copy!
Do you know when you are in hospital, your friends ask: Hi, how are you dear?
But your best friends ask: Hey buddy, how is the nurse?
My girlfriend thinks I'm a workaholic, to prove her wrong, I only worked a double shift on the weekends instead of a triple.
"Inverted sit-ups" is just a fancy name for lay-downs. I can only do one. But I can hold it for a long time.
I wish there was a cereal with human shaped things to eat, then I could be a cereal killer.
If a deaf person swears, does their mom wash their hands with soap?
My best friend ran off to become a mime, I haven't heard from him since.
"The biggest problem with using the Internet is you never know if it's reliable or not" -Abraham Lincoln
I was just awarded a trophy for laziness. All I need now is for someone to accept it on my behalf.
The first person who pulled an egg out from under a chicken's butt and ate it must have been really freaking hungry.
Teachers know when you are texting. I mean, are you really looking at your crotch and smiling?
If there was a hero that saved people from awkward conversations, he'd be more popular than Superman.
I'm on a diet where I eat everything and hope for a miracle.
Bad decisions=good stories.
My favorite outdoor activity is going back inside.
Baby: What you can sleep like if you dont have one.
I saw a transvestite wearing a shirt that said "guess"
How fast does a Zebra have to run before it looks grey?
I have a time machine. But it only goes forward at a regular speed.
Whale watching is very similar to watching disappointed people on a boat.
Home: A mobile home with a flat tire.
Renamed the router "Hide Your Kids, Hide Your Wi-Fi"
They should make a Rosetta Stone for men to understand women.
Be there in 5 minutes, if not, read this again.
I think the most unrealistic thing about Harry Potter is the fact a Ginger had two friends.
When I see people in camouflage I bump into them and say"Whoa, sorry I didnt see you there".
My math professor staples Burger King applications to failed tests.
Girls, if a guy pauses a video game to text you back, marry him.
Are straight and gay pirates after the same booty?
I'm going to make an ice cream name "Genetics" so then people have an excuse to be so fat.
I'm going to make a shirt for fat people that says "I beat anorexia".
Why did the phone wear glasses? He lost his contacts.
I see a striking resemblance between Justin Bieber and Elton John.
I hate Lay's for selling me air in a bag with a little bit of chips.
Back in my day, we had NINE planets.
Respect your parents. They did school without google or Wikipedia.
Why'd the idiots at Microsoft buy Skype for over $10 million dollars when they can download it for free?
I think the worst part about being an Asian is trying to tell whether you blinked in a picture or not.
Tickling: Like being raped, but you're forced to laugh.
When MW3 was released in Iraq, they called it Sims.
I think Emos just like the way their hair smells.
Fighting for peace is like having sex for virginity.
LOOK LEFT ----------------------------&gt; fail.
Study: The act of watching TV, texting and eating with an open textbook nearby.
I wish Google Maps had an 'Avoid the Ghetto' routing option.
I wanna throw a party with fake alcohol and see how many people act wasted.
Those laxative commercials seem to go right through me.
Sick of being so tired? Well there's a nap for that.
I was reading 'The History of Glue' last night--I couldn't put it down.
I wish my only problem in life was fighting over how many millions of dollars I make. #Lockout
That moment where you're trying to work but a bunch of YouTube videos keep popping up.
I wont jump in front of a bullet for anyone. Because if I have time to jump in front, you have time to move.
I'm quitting eating these Thanksgiving leftovers; cold turkey.
I would be the funniest man alive if I had no morality.
Him: You're sexy!
Her: And I Know it!
Him: LMFAO, good one!
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy.
I've got a friend whose butler is missing his left arm--serves him right.
I bought a Christmas tree today. The guy asked me if I was going to put it up myself. I said no, I'll probably put it in the front room.
People who say "Give it 100%" haven't ever donated blood, have they?
It really bugs me that OCD isn't alphabetized.
The mail has became so slow that the seeds I ordered arrived in full bloom.
My family's new television has parental control.

I'm gonna use it to get my mom to make me a sandwich.
Note to thieves: Steal from a thug, chances are his PIN #s are one of three 4-letter swear words.
I watch pom. You misread that, didn't you?
Modern Warfare 3: The ultimate form of birth control.
TEACHER: Now, Simon, tell me frankly, do you say prayers before eating?

SIMON: No sir, I don't have to, my Mum is a good cook.
Recent Sperm Bank Review: "I love coming here"
Going to mcdonalds for a Salad is like going to a hooker for a hug.
Halloween: the only day you can get away with killing someone and leaving them on the front porch.
We went from playing doctor as kids to airport security as teenagers.
Humpty Dumpty died a crack head.
Deja Moo--Feeling like you've heard this Bull Crap before.
Just saw a blonde driving a smart car. I could make a joke out of this...
A thing to ponder: if the Pope uses the restroom, is it a holy crap?
Marriage is like game of poker. You start with pair and end with full house.
If prisoners get arrested, where do they go?
Just ordered a load of bubble wrap off eBay today. Just to see what it gets delivered in.
Cleavage - It's like the sun. It's okay to look, but dangerous to stare.
I think it is time I tell you what people are saying behind your back...! Nice Butt.
Funny Laws-Alaska: persons may not live in a trailer as it is being hiked across the city.
Funny Laws-Alaska: it is considered an offense to push a moose out of an airplane.
Q. Where do you find a one legged dog?
A. Where you left it.
Help keep America beautiful. Stay in your house!
Virginity is like a bubble, one prick and it's gone.
I never win at Scrable.
I'm sick of people lying to me. I asked three people what time it was and they all said something different.
The only regret I would have if I died in my sleep was going to bed.
What is a common illness for Judge's to have? Motion sickness.
Are Pi shops open 22/7?
All exorcism is: B(r)east Reduction
Tork is screwed up.
Torc is screwed up.
The technology of this weed-whacker is cutting hedge!
Women shouldn't have children after thirty. Because, really, thirty children should be enough.
I dont know what all this planking business is about, I just know Snoopy started it.
Where do women use the restroom? All I ever see on the bathroom signs are men and Scottish men.
Giraffes are the cockiest beings I've ever met, do you know how long it takes for them to swallow their pride?
I just want people to accept who I pretend I am
Why are hurricanes names after women? Because at first they are wet and wild, then take your home and cars away.
I love you. I love other words, too.
Just past my English exam.
The only plastic surgery I'll ever give my wife is cutting up her credit cards.
Super Bowl: 30 second clips of men running in between commercials
All trail mix is is deconstructed candy bars.
Women say we men have it easy because we haven't experienced childbirth. How the heck do they think we got here?
My girlfriend called me to break up with me because 'I don't understand the simplest concepts'--I said'Hang on, how'd you get in my phone?'
Word to the Women: It ain't the clothes that make you fat.
My girlfriend left me cause she's sick of me "quoting her all the time"...
Tired apostrophes risk falling into a comma.
My smart phone doesnt work. I push home and I'm still at work.
I hate helping people. I think I'll get a job at Apple.
I'd rather  have a dry sense of humor than slobber everywhere .
When I was born I was so smart I got my parents to feed me and dress me and carry me around with them all day.
Auto-correct can kiss my big fat hairy ask!
I always go off topic in middle of the Mediterranean where I had a lovely time.
Twinkle twinkle little slut, close your legs you filthy mutt.
I say the right things, to the wrong people.
I live life like how I type. Fast with a lot of mistakes that I'm too lazy to fix.
I Have faith in fools. In my friends' cases, they call it self-confidence.
Making another Facebook account with the name ' Nobody Actually ' to mess with people's heads when I like their statuses.
I think shooting for the stars is a waste of ammunition.
Life gets easier when youre part of the problem.
I fell in love at first sight...I probably should have looked twice.
I'm green. I use iPhone apps in my iPad to save pixels.
I'm always one step ahead of my girlfriend. When she dumped me, I told her the bags were already in the car.
I think my computer is female. She's always correcting my mistakes and telling me how to fix them.
Are there really rhetorical questions?
I was talking to my mate earlier when I thought to myself, "Why on earth are you called Earlier?"
I'm so proud of my hydration I don't even flush.
Since it's the thought that counts, I'll just keep thinking about getting that colonoscopy.
Ignoranus: an ignorant butthole.
Russian Roulette: You win some, you lose one.
When Sting retires, will he change his name to Stung?
Valentine's Day: the reason so many people are born in November.
I size zero considered 2D?
Retro Shopping: comparing prices after you have bought the item.
Unprotected sleep: sleeping without an alarm clock.
Grade Digger: the chick who only talks to me for help with her classes.
Enjoyed the wii-kend. Have I even blinked?
Barage: neighborhood garage transformed to look like a city bar.
What: A taunt used by gangsters.
Eargasm: climax of ear's pleasure, usually when listening to music. "Dude! I totally just had an eargasm man!"
Textpectation: Anticipation of receiving a new text.
Main: what a guys number one girl is. He fails to tell her about the others.
Playlistism: discrimination against people's choice of music.
Emaul: degrading someone via e-mail
Super Bowl: The only show that makes me want to watch the commercials.
Ho ho ho: Santa's cry, or three prostitutes.
E-void: the use of technology to avoid human contact.
To celebrate the last Harry Potter movie, I am going to cut a scar in my forehead.
I'm not old, I'm a classic.
Naps prevent old age, especially when you take them while driving.
I have a leak in my pipe.. Dam it!
I finally got my sportscar. Got a mad gash between my eyes from a football!
Life is like a bubble bath. All fun and games till till you get some in your eye.
Flashole: Someone who flashes you with their brights even though yours aren't on.
Gashole: A jerk who drives something that consumes a lot of gas.
Parentnoia:Parentnoia is the irrational fear parents have that their children are doing something wrong, or being hurt in some way.
Do you think if I charged my phone less it would do the same?
Icescapee: The ice cube that ends up on the floor when you break a new tray of ice.
Chevrolegs: The kind of vehicle you own when you can't afford a car. 

Your feet.
Body Spam: Unsolicited body contact.
ego-fart: Flatulence forced from one's body in a pompous, self-satisfying manner, without regard to the consideration of others.
email: Once an efficient and fast method of communication and message transferring, now a way of harassing Internet users with spam,
Peegret: Regretting not using the bathroom shortly after you leave a facility in which you were able to do so.
Congreenient: The practice of recycling, or being green, only when convenient. A person who only recycles when it is convenient to do so.
The stall stall: In public bathrooms, the act of remaining in a bathroom stall after having completed one's business, to maintain anonymity
YouTube has drastically changed my attention span from about three hours to three minutes.
Tanorexia: A disease like anorexia, no matter how tan a person is they never think they are tan enough.
Dweet: (v) Tweeting while intoxocated.
Thanksgiving: Another excuse for Americans to eat all day.
Geek: The people you pick on in high school and work for after.
NERD: One whose IQ exceeds their weight.
Twitter Bang: Hooking up with someone in less than 140 characters.
Hahaha: Used when "haha" just isn't funny enough.
Hangry: So hungry by the lack of food you become angry.
Love: Nature's way of tricking people into reproducing.
Unbrella: An umbrella which has no further use, as when a force of wind turns it inside-out
Headline: Suicidal twin accidentally kills sister
Microwave Mentality:
Having the attitude that if something can't be done in 5 minutes or less, it's not worth doing.
Productive Procrastination: The act of keeping busy with things that don't need to be done.
Bisexual: The ability to reach down someone's pants and be satisfied with whatever you find.
Engayed: The term used when two gays are engaged or want to become married.
Immature: What one redneck says to another when he wants his chair back.
"Hey, you done sat immature and I be wanting it back."
Everyone has weird neighbors. If you don't, you're the weird neighbors.
Why did we name our planet after dirt?
Why do so many people on Facebook take pictures of their mirrors?
Loves the time of year when things that blow up are legal.
I rate myself 9.84520137453850162 out of 10 for accuracy.
Sorry followers for being gone--Sorry I look so beat up. But, you see, the economy bounced back and I was standing in the way.
Today I took a class on castration It was all neuter me
"I feel depressed, lol"
Fishes miss a lot of calls. They always seem to be stuck on a line.
I am thankful for laughter, except when milk comes out of my nose.
If you want to make God laugh, tell him your future plans.
In Beverly Hills...they don't throw their garbage away. They make it into television shows.
I took a test in Existentialism. I left all the answers blank and got 100.
We could learn alot from bees. Organization, productivity, community sacrifice, stinging people who annoy us...
I won 'BSer of the year' but no one believed me.
Your girlfriend is rated E: for everyone.
FYI: Condoms are cheaper than diapers.
Marriage: Assisted Suicide.
Psychology - the art of pulling a habit out of a rat.
Here’s to being single – drinking doubles – and seeing triple!
ONN: Handmade Anti-Obama Sign Currently Frontrunner for Republican Presidential Nomination. "NoBama!"
Ambetextrous: able to text with both hands.
There's a lot of fish in the sea. Might as well catch a few, gut them, and throw them back in.
When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading.
Men are like bank accounts. Without a lot of money they don’t generate a lot of interest.
I have a drinking problem. If Jake has 5 beers and Dan has 4…
eath is nature’s way of saying, Your table’s ready.
One reason I don’t drink is that I want to know when I am having a good time.
Wise men don't need advice. Fools won't take it.
If I had a dollar for every time someone called my ex wife ugly...
I would have stayed with her for the money.
Why are Human beings are the only creatures that allow their children to come back home?
Let us be thankful for fools. But for them the rest of us could not succeed.
The beauty about telling the truth is you never have to remember anything.
My wife let's me show her who's boss every once in awhile.
Mental Note: Actual notes work better.
Have you seen the price of velcro? It's a ripoff!
Don’t worry about the world coming to an end today. It is already tomorrow in Australia.
Without geography, you're nowhere.
Marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. Second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience
My answering machine: Roses are red, some willows weep, please leave your message, after the beep.
So you know that phenomenon in 1990 that 150 sheep fell off a cliff? Well that's "unherd" of.
Giving up smoking is easy...I've done it hundreds of times.
The difference between the right word and almost the right word is the difference between lightning and the lightning bug.
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a week sometimes to make it up.
The Truth: S(he) be(lie)ve(d).
Marriage is a relationship wherein one person is always right and the other person is the husband.
Drive carefully! Remember, it's not only a car that can be recalled by it's maker.
That would be a good thing for them to cut on my tombstone: Wherever she went, including here, it was against her better judgment.
Radioactive halibut will make fission chips.
I used to be schizophrenic, but we’re all right now.
Have no kids? 
Hire a babysitter anyway, 
say kid is asleep upstairs and not to be woken. Return home and ask where your child is.
I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.
If a star fell for every time I thought of you, the sky would look just as it does now.
I bought a waterbed in hopes that me and my girlfriend would eventually drift away.
“The reason grandchildren and grandparents get along so well is because they have a common enemy.”
It might look like I’m doing nothing, but at the cellular level I’m really quite busy.
Sign posted in a bathroom: We aim to please! You aim too! Please!
"A father is someone who carries pictures where his money used to be."
Roses are red, violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
A bargain is something you cannot use at a price you cannot resist."
 I discovered I scream the same way whether I’m about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot.
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don’t need it.
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with “Guess” on it…so I said “Implants?”
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station..
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
Evening news is where they begin with ‘Good evening’, and then proceed to tell you why it isn’t.
A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well.
Why buy shampoo when real poo is still free.
A religious war is like children fighting over who has the strongest imaginary friend.
The future isn’t what it used to be.
He's not dead… he's electroencephalographically challenged.
Never, ever make absolute, unconditional statements.
Now that Microsoft is so big, should it be called Macrosoft?
If you think about it long enough, you’ll see that it’s obvious.
Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing is like shoveling the walk before it stops snowing
Too bad all the people who know how to run this country are busy running taxi cabs or cutting hair.
There are three kinds of lies: Lies, Damn Lies, and Statistics.
Right after we broke up, my ex-girlfriend asked me how to change her relationship status on Facebook.
My girlfriend thinks I have a gambling addiction. She hasn't said anything, but I bet that's what she's thinking.
I'm 100% against animal cruelty. Nothing makes me sadder than when my dog makes fun of me.
Spring is when you feel like whistling even with a shoe full of slush
People in cars cause accidents. Accidents in cars cause people.
When at wal mart: tell manager over intercom to find your lost friend mike hunt
Experience is what you get when you don’t get what you want.
According to my calculations the problem doesn't exist.
The trouble with jogging is that by the time you realize you're not in shape for it, it's too far to walk back.
I hope I never meet the girl of my dreams. Cause she'll be wanting some weird stuff.
Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are.
Do you think last night was the world record for intercourse?
I have a very open mind, people tell me they can feel a breeze when they sit next to me.
When I thought I found my groove, it turned out it was only a rut.
I always play fair when I make the rules.
If you can’t learn to do it well, learn to enjoy doing it badly.
If swimming is so good for your figure, how do you explain whales?
Please show your support of dyslexics and TR this.
I am yet to bite a moose that tastes like chocolate.
Kinstipation: the painful inability to get visiting relatives out.
I'm so great, I'm jealous of myself.
Health advice: the more birthdays you have, the longer you live. Guaranteed.
Dear IRS, please cancel my subscription.
If at first you don't succeed, call it version 1.0
I always try to go the extra mile at work, but my boss always finds me and brings me back.
My girlfriend is piñata. I dont think things are gonna work out cause guys keep hitting on her.
The good news is that I dethatched the lawn. The bad news is thats all the lawn is made of.
I have a button on my microwave that says "stop time". I assume it means the timer but I don't touch it, just in case.
At least the garbage disposal eats what I cook.
I have a gift. Every time I approach something With wings, it flies away. It happens with women, too.
Opportunity once knocked..but you don't want to know what it left.
A cop pulled me over today and said: "papers".. so i said: "scissors, I win!"
This place is so weird that the cockroaches have moved next door.
A birdie told me I'm getting better at golf.
Can I trade this job for what's behind door number 1?
Stress is when you wake up screaming & you realize you haven't fallen asleep yet.
I have no taste in women, but beside that fact, I like you.
Just bought a new 4D TV, it comes with integration of heat,cold,wet, wind, and different aromas. It's 6' by 4'. Its called a window.
Tried to look up blurry in the dictionary, but it wasn't very clear.
Fat is just another word for flavor.
I don't mind you talking so much, as long as you don't mind me not listening.
I'm unstoppable, I just can't seem to get started.
Is waiting for the istore to come up with a dollar menu.
I'm fed up with my boss for forcing me to stand on one leg every single day. Tomorrow I'm putting my foot down.
It's hard to explain how good my ability to describe things is.
Every time I see you I think about how much of a waste that 100 million years was.
lLimiting the freedom of news 'just a little bit' is in the same category with the classic example a little bit pregnant.
What do you say if a shooting range catches on fire?
What do you call a blonde in an institution of higher learning? A visitor.
1. Denial 2. Anger 3. Bargaining 4. Depression 5. Acceptance ... The 5 stages of buying gasoline.
lI fight for what I believe in. I am a mercenary, and I believe in money.
lAssassins Inc. We aim to please.
I put the toilet seat down as a gift to my mom.
I'll be a great mother some day.
-Dude on the street
lMy parents almost lost me as a child, but they didn't take me far enough into the woods.
Filled up his gas tank for only $48. It was just enough to finish mowing my front lawn:
lDon't take candy from strangers unless they offer you a ride.
lI was wondering why frisbees got bigger as they got closer then it hit me.
lSending Postcards From A Plane Crash (Wish You Were Here).
When I go big-game hunting, my weapon of choice is the remote.
If I was a pig, I'd get a tattoo of a coin slot on my back.
lYou can thank your lucky stars that everything I wish for will never come true.
LOL=lacking of literacy
If there's one thing I can't comprehend, it's common sense.
Travel tip: don't pack for the weather you want.
I was so poor when I grew up, I bought Popsicle sticks and just pretended like I was having a special treat.
May the 4th be with you.
I have high standards, but low expectations.
What does it mean if someone gives me half a peace sign?
My toilet is full of it. He's always loaded with crap.
If Bin laden had a $25 million price tag on his head, I can't help but wonder what kind of turban he was wearing.
Osama's last tweet: "I didn't know Twitter could enable your location, this may be a problem"
It's May Day, but I don't see any sinking ships.
Wanna lose weight? Buy super glue and get rid of that big mouth of yours!
lPeople are seldom too busy to stop and tell you how busy they are.
lThe funniest thing about this message is that by the time you realize it doesn't say anything you its too late for you to stop reading it.
I only watched the royal wedding for the bishop. I've always wanted to see a person who only moves diagonally.
Some mistakes are just too much to do only once.
What a gorgeous day to walk around outside staring at my phone.
lGet plenty of sleep. Be kind to your mind. You'll miss it when it's gone.
There's a gas pump icon on my car's dash that notifies me whenever my bank account is almost empty.
If you wanna make someone mad, lie. If you really wanna piss 'em off, tell the truth.
Looking forward to the day when my to-do list becomes my ta-da! list.
I'm apathetic, but I don't care.
Does the unknown, but I'm not sure, I've never heard it before.
It takes 26 muscles to smile and 62 muscles to frown, so don't ever say that I don't go out of my way for you.
I have never understood this whole Easter egg thing, Rabbits are mammals, aren't they? Happy Easter!
A good friend is worth pursuing. But why would a good friend be running away from me?
My son is allergic to peanuts. He breaks out in a rash every time I bring home my paycheck.
You know your out of shape when you get exhausted trying to get a gym membership.
To err is human, to forgive is divine. 
In other words, the forgiving is somebody else's job.
lShould vegetarians eat animal crackers?
How to make Easter easier - replace the t with an i.
lSmile, it's the second best thing you can do with your lips.
lJoin the Army, meet interesting people, kill them.
I always wonder, "how do they know where I live?" when movie commercials say"coming to a cinema near you".
Please don't interupt me while im ignoring you.
I am launching a new anti-social network called Get Out Of My Face Book.
lEarth is the insane asylum for the universe
My dad never loved me as a child. I can't blame him really. I wasn't born until he was an adult.
@doctormoose6 you've left?
Life is like a roller coaster, and I'm about to throw up.
Do gay people say, "That's so straight?"
I decided to be depressed today, just for fun.
lA paper should be like a mini skirt: long enough to cover everything, but short enough to keep it interesting.
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
Rebecca Black's Friday: a heartwarming song about a mentally retarded girl learning her days of the week.
lI'm not crazy, my reality is just different than yours.
lAre you thinking what I'm thinking that I think that you're thinking I'm thinking because if you think that I think we've got a problem.
lThose of you who think you know everything are annoying those of us who do.
Dating bridge builders will lead to truss issues.
It takes me three tries to get it right on the first attempt.
“Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't.”
Who says Divine people dont have a sense of humor, they made me didn't they?
I once had an Internet girlfriend, but things just didn't click.
"I keep telling myself that I am a pathological liar, but I am not sure if I believe it."
It's been a really bad day for me. Firstly, my girlfriend got run over by a bus.Then, I lost my job at the bus company.
A good politician knows how to explain what is going to happen in the future, and then why it didn't happen.
The only thing Facebook is good for is saving me money on birthday cards.
Urinals need some anger management, they are always pissed.
If I was a burglar, I would take a shower after every burglary. I want to be sure to get a clean getaway.
It's good for a man to have a woman that cleans, cooks, and makes you laugh. It's also good If these women do not know each other.
If you think your dog can't count, try putting three dog treats in your pocket and then give him only two of them.
I got in the car with my drug dealer the other day. He drove around slowly for a while, before picking up speed.
If flying is so safe, why do they call the airport the 'terminal'?
Going to church doesn't make you any more Christian than standing in a garage makes you a car.
I like Deja vus because I know what to do next
There's a fine line between holding hands and keeping her from shopping.
Minimum wage is for maximum losers.
My room is not messy; it is an obstacle course designed to keep me fit.
My play was a complete success. The audience was a failure.
If any word is improper at the end of a sentence, a linking verb is.
Monotheism is a gift from the gods.
Of course I can keep secrets. It’s the people I tell them to that can’t keep them.
The Miss Universe pageant is fixed. All the winners are from Earth.
An optimist is someone who falls off the Empire State Building and after 50 floors says, "So far so good!"
An Irishman is never at peace except when he’s fighting.
I'm a perfectipnist.
We live in the WTF generation: Wikipedia, Twitter and Facebook.
Money isnt happiness. Spending it is!
Money isn't everything. You're credit is, however.
I have an on again off again relationship with clothing.
I’m proud of my humility.
Irony: working for an aluminum company and getting canned.
My agent told me to give it a couple years, but he'd make me an overnight success.
I once got asked if I knew the difference between ignorance and apathy. I told them I didn't know, and didn't care.
Why'd I spend all my childhood trying to save peach? She already has a man.
It's annoying when fat people say obesity "runs" in their family when clearly, nothing does.
When we talk to God, we're praying. When God talks to us, we're schizophrenic.
The problem with beauty is that it's like being born rich and getting poorer.
You can't run from your problems forever. Eventually, you'll have to take a car or a plane.
I've made a product that increases the size of your basement. I hope it'll be a big cellar.
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.
The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby.
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.
I tried to teach my dog how to fetch. He just doesn't get it.
Renamed my iPod as 'the titantic' so when I plug it in it's says 'the titantic is syncing.
Older people shouldn't eat health food, they need all the preservatives they can get.
Mountain climbers are curious types. They always want to take another peak.
My 'Aha!' moments are other people's 'duh' moments.
What do hippies do if the trees hug back?
You know why they call them potato chips? (hint: omit the "c")
The lemming oath: "Repeat after me."
All medicines have one side effect in common: Reduction in disposable income.
I get a headache thinking past 140 characters.
Why are pilots so great at 'landing' jobs?
I've just started dating a librarian. She's a (book)keeper.
If you sing while playing Throwing a ball during baseball, will you have a good pitch?
Do you know what's coming back in style? Boomerangs.
I don't really balance my checking account so much as capsize it.
Put a "no U-turn" sign in a dead-end street.
I’m an optimistic pessimist… I look forward to the worst.
Why was the cold tap turned on?Because the other tap was so hot!
pirate walks into a bar and barman says" you have a steering wheel In your pants"the pirate said:Argh and it's been driving me nuts all day
If you're arrested on April Fool's Day, they should give you more than one phone call.
My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was sixty. She's ninety-seven now, and we don't know where she is.
I married my wife for her looks...but not the ones she's been giving me lately!
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them.
My math teacher asked me: "Do you understand inequalities?" I replied: "More or less."
Money won't buy happiness, but it will pay the salaries of a large research staff to study the problem.
In Hollywood a marriage is a success if it outlasts milk.
If love is the answer, could you please rephrase the question?
I'm an idealist. I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
Wife looks in mirror& says: "I look horrible, fat& ugly. Please say something nice about me." Husband: "Your eyesight is perfect..."
I knew I was an unwanted baby when I saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio.
It just doesn't seem right to write your autobiography before your dead.
Dear microwave, Why are your minutes so much longer than normal ones? Sincerely, super hungry me.
I bet You I can stop gambling.
My dog is talented, he taught himself to say his own name. Woof.
California is a fine place to live - if you happen to be an orange.
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it.
If you're not patient, you'll become one.
The best housewarming gift is fire.
For just $10 a month, You can reduce your annual salary by $120.
The worst job for a procrastinator? Ice sculpting.
Today, I decided to see the good in everyone I meet. And to make sure I could do it, I didn't leave the house.
❒Taken ❒Single ✔Addicted to Twitter
When a pessimist has nothing to worry about, he worries about why he has nothing to worry about.
I keep drinking six-packs, but my abs aren't getting anymore ripped.
I am the most pleasant person you'll ever meet. Until you wake me.
I saw this quote and I thought it was funny, "always remember me."-anonymous
A lesbian is just another woman trying to do a man's job.
Who ever says "words can't hurt you" has never been hit in the face with a dictionary.
Anger is a condition in which the tongue works faster than the mind.
I'm not saying she's fat... I'm saying if I had to think of the five fattest people I know shed be three of them.
Hopped on the bus this morning, people were looking at me funny, so I decided to get in and sit down.
My bank balance is sick, I hope it gets better soon!
Daniel keep going, count is only at 40.
Unicorns aren't extinct - they just gained weight and are now called rhinos
It has been such a long time since I've thought longer than 140 characters.
Learn to spell, kids. Auto Correct isn't always write.
I exercise constantly. I am always running late.
Guests, like fish, begin to smell after three days.
My parents used to be happy when I took naps..now they think I'm lazy.
Is there rollover Madness that I can use in April?
There are more men than women in mental hospitals, which just goes to show who's driving whom crazy.
When someone says. "It tastes like crap." ....how do they know?
There's a fine line between being a tattle-tale And saving your own butt.
People talk about you. If they're not talking about you then you're boring.
If you fall once, get up. If you fall twice, get up. If you fall for the third time, tie your shoelaces already.
Early to rise, and early to bed, makes a man healthy but socially dead.
A poor surgeon hurts 1 person at a time. A poor teacher hurts 130.
Amateurs wait for inspiration. The rest of us just get up and go to work.
Vampires can't see themselves in a mirror, so how come their hair is always so perfect?
The main thing I learned in high school was how to text without being caught.
Dream big! Nap often.
POLITICIANS & DIAPERS BOTH NEED TO BE CHANGED, AND FOR THE SAME REASON.
We had gay burglars the other night. They broke in and rearranged the furniture.
Until I was thirteen, I thought my name was 'Shut Up.'
I am desperately trying to figure out why Kamikaze pilots wore helmets.
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.
Two wrongs make a riot.
"Money doesn't buy happiness." That phrase should end in just kidding.
I cannot afford to waste my time making money
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
If you want your children to listen, try talking softly - to someone else.
If your parents never had children, chances are you won't, either.
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
I'm trying to read a book on how to relax, but I keep falling asleep.
An egotist is someone who is usually me-deep in conversation.
Men don't care what's on TV. They only care what else is on TV.
I’m not offended by all the dumb-blonde jokes because I know that I’m not dumb. I also know I’m not blonde - Dolly Parton
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman’s birthday but never remembers her age.
Middle age is when you’ve met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else.
I was the best man at the wedding. If I'm the best man, why is she marrying him?
"If you want to see a comic strip, you should see me in the shower."
"When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick."
"I sold my house this week. I got a pretty good price for it, but it made my landlord mad as heck."
"You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake."
"The average person thinks he isn’t."
I went to the Doctors the other day, and he said, 'Go to Bournemouth, it's great for flu'. So I went  -  and I got it.
I'll tell you what I love doing more than anything: trying to pack myself in a small suitcase. I can hardly contain myself.
You see my next-door neighbour worships exhaust pipes, he's a catholic converter.
My mother told me there were some cuties in the fridge. I got all excited, ran to the fridge and opened the door. But all I saw were oranges
Four fonts walk into a bar the barman says ''Oi - get out! We don't want your type in here''
Whoever said money can't buy happiness simply didn't know where to go shopping.
Only two things are necessary to keep one's wife happy.One is to let her think she is having her own way,and the other is to let her have it
The other day I sent my girlfriend a huge pile of snow. I rang her up, I said ''Did you get my drift?''.
A priest, a rabbi and a vicar walk into a bar. The barman says, ''Is this some kind of joke?''
I went to the doctors the other day and I said, 'Have you got anything for wind?' So he gave me a kite.
A signature always reveals a man's character - and sometimes even his name.
Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. So when you criticize them, you're a mile way and you have their shoes.
I wonder if calendar business will go bankrupt in 2012.
A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then asks you not to kill him.
He's turned his life around.  He used to be depressed and miserable.  Now he's miserable and depressed.
The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us.
Eagles may soar in the clouds, but weasels never get sucked into jet engines.
All my life, I always wanted to be somebody.  Now I see that I should have been more specific.
What day do penguins hate most? Casual Fridays
The four most crucial words of mankind: righty-tighty, lefty-loosy
A compromise is an agreement whereby both parties get what neither of them wanted.
Say what you will about the Ten Commandments, you must always come back to the pleasant fact that there are only ten of them.
A celebrity is a person who works hard all his life to become well known, then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.
We do have a zeal for laughter in most situations, give or take a dentist.
Laughter is the sensation of feeling good all over and showing it principally in one place.
Irony: The Bible is the best-selling book in the world, with more than 50 copies a minute, but also the most shoplifted book.
Seven days without laughter makes one weak.
Laugh! When people are laughing, they're generally not killing each other.
Even if there is nothing to laugh about, laugh on credit.
You laugh at me because I am different, but I laugh at you because you are all the same
Here's to love - the only fire for which there is no insurance.
When a man opens the door of his car for his wife, you can be sure of one thing: either the car is new or the wife.
My new years resolution is not to procrastinate.....oh, shoot!
My girlfriend thinks I'm too nosy, well she didn't say it, but I read it in her diary.
My girlfriend says I'm clueless. I haven't an idea what she is talking about.
Instead of getting married again,
I'm going to find a woman
I don't like and just give her a house.
If Americans throw rice at weddings, do Asians throw Hamburgers?
Want a girl to fall in love with you? Use a thesaurus for a replacement of those lane words like cute and beautiful . It's working for me!
What is the difference between blondes and traffic signs?

Some traffic signs say stop.
Valentines is 3 days away. You still have time to break up with your boyfriend or girlfriend before it's too late!
When I was born I was so surprised I didn’t talk for a year and a half.
Time and Tide wait for no man, but time always stands still for a woman of thirty.
Birthdays are good for you. Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest.
It is the ability to take a joke, not make one, that proves you have a sense of humor.
terrorists took a courthouse full of lawyers hostage.
They threatened to release one every hour unless their demands were met.
Junk is something you’ve kept for years and throw away three weeks before you need it.
A lifelong friend is someone you haven’t borrowed money from yet.
Every guy gets a crush on his teacher. It's normal. But wasn't Oedipus homeschooled?
Marriage is like pi - natural, irrational, and very important.
A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the word you first thought of.
I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
I think we consider too much the good luck of the early bird and not enough the bad luck of the early worm.
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
The things that come to those who wait, may be the things left by those who got there first.
If you think your boss is stupid, remember: you wouldn't have a job if he was any smarter.
Join The Army, Visit exotic places, meet strange people, then kill them.
Why do old men have such bad language? They do "cross" words.
I would rather kill myself than commit suicide.
A blonde is watching the news and hears that 2 Brazilian men die in an accident. She cries and says, "Oh my gosh, how many is a brazilian?"
And then J.K. Rowling wrote, "And Harry woke up from his long, long dream"
A blonde walks to her mailbox-nothing. Comes out again-nothing. Neighbor says-Whats wrong? Blonde-My laptop keeps saying,"You've got mail!"
Two blondes were driving to Disneyland and the exit sign reads: DISNEYLAND LEFT. They started crying and headed home.
Asian parents: *Your report card comes home* YOU GOT C?! WHY YOU GET C?! YOU NO C-SIAN, YOU NO B-SIAN, YOU A-SIAN!
Bleach and latex gloves:$10. Plastic wrap, trash bags and duct tape:$ 20...Chainsaw:$200 The Horrified look on the cashiers face: PRICELESS!
"I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.”
“The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.”
"Thanks to the Interstate Highway System, it is now possible to travel from coast to coast without seeing anything."
What do you say if Satan sneezes?
A comedian does funny things. A good comedian does things funny.
Latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the world's population.
Who said nothing is impossible, i have been here doing nothing for the last hour.
If the world is a stage, I want to be the one operating the trap door.
last night i played a blank tape at full blast and the mime next door went nuts!
Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes.that way, you are a mile away from them, and you have their shoes.
Never take life to seriously... your not getting out of it alive
For all the advances in medicine, there is still no cure for the common birthday. #idontwanttobeold
Last night I layed in bed looking up at the stars in the sky, and I thought to myself... Where's the roof gone?
Whoever said nothing was impossible never tryed slamming a revolving door.
A Pessimist is just an Optimist with previous experience.
Fact of life: after Monday and Tuesday, even the calender says W T F.
Those who criticise our generation seem to forget who raised it.
Children in the backseat cause accidents, Accidents in the backseat cause children.
Some Idiots says, "Behind every successful man, there is a woman" But nobody knows the fact "Women go only behind the successful men".
I threw caution into the wind, but the wind was blowing straight back at me.
A gentleman is a man who can play the accordion but doesn't.
I think the worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades...or a game of fake heart attack.
I would love to have a battle of witts with you, but it seems that you have come unarmed.
I don't care what is written about me as long as it isn't true. ----Katherine Hepburn
Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack. Women treat it like glass and it goes to pieces.
Optimists think the glass is half full. Pessimists think the glass is half empty. Realists know that someone will have to wash the glass.
Confidence is the feeling you sometimes have before you fully understand the situation.
I don't think I could stab anyone. I can barely put my straw through my Capri-Sun.
Man has his will, but woman has her way.
I’d like to help you out. Which way did you come in?
If you break your legs, don't come running to me.
Click the 'Start' button to Shut Down the computer.
It isn't an optical illusion. It just looks like one.
Just bought a 12-ounce pound cake. How does That work?!
You'd be surprised how much it costs to look this cheap.
Dolly Parton
Why is it that when you transport something by car, its called a shipment, but when you transport something by ship, its called cargo?
Why do they sterilize needles for lethal injections?
Why do banks charge you a "non-sufficient funds fee" when they already know you don't have any?
Why are they called apartments, when they're all stuck together?
What do you suppose gives Stephen King nightmares?
What do little birdies see when they get knocked unconscious?
Is it OK to use my AM radio after noon?
If the universe is everything, and scientists say that the universe is expanding, what is it expanding into?
Do they have reserved parking for non-handicap people at the Special Olympics?
Failure is not an option. It is a privilege reserved only for those who try.
Stupidity's cause hasn't been advanced much by its many martyrs
Make love not war - or marry and do both.
The probability of someone watching you is directly related to the stupidity of your actions.
Prepositions are not words to end sentences with.
Half of being smart is knowing what you're dumb at.
The statement below is true. The statement above is false.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Did you hear that Johnny's left side was chopped off? It turned out that he was "alright!"
It is very simple to be happy, but it is very difficult to be simple. --
I'm proud of my humility.
I hate cliches because "They're a dime a dozen".
Bad becomes good when worse happens.
A woman met a man walking along the street wearing only one shoe. 'Just lost a shoe?' she asked. He answered, 'Nope, just found one'.
I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.
If it's a Classified Ad, Why is it publicly published?
I am busy doing nothing.
‎If you want to get something done, give it to a busy man.
Martin Luther King Day: A day for all us white people to be embarrassed by our ancestors.
Not only am I redundant and superfluous, but I also tend to use more words than necessary.
Life is full of uncertainties...or I could be wrong about that?
Reality is a big, nasty, vicious dragon, but I don't believe in dragons.
I have this nagging fear that everyone is out to make me paranoid.
Grammar has gots to be one of the most importantest things ever?
I am becoming increasingly worried that there isn't enough anxiety in my life.
I always wanted to be a procrastinator! But I've never actually gotten around to doing it.
Exaggeration is a billion times worse than understatement.
Avoid alliteration...always.
I'm still not sure if I understand ambiguity.
Evil isn't all bad.
Perspective is in the eye of the beholder.
What is the probability that something will happen according to the odds?
Is super para...gah! What was that??
The world's full of apathy, but I don't care.
What did the fly order at the restaurant? A number 2.
If there's one thing I can't stand, it's intolerance.
There's no such thing as nonexistence.
I am making it my job to put the "fun" back into "funeral."
Come to Myspace and Twitter my Yahoo 
Til' I Google all over your Facebook.
Q: What do you do when an Antartian throws a pin at you?
A: Run, because the grenade is in her mouth!!
“Is your new horse well-behaved Charles?”
“Oh, yes Phil. When we come to a fence, he stops and lets me go over first.”
“Have you got any kittens going cheap?” Asked a customer in a pet shop.
“No, sir,” replied the owner. “All our kittens go “Meow.
Did you hear about the two radio antennas that got married? 
The wedding was terrible, but the reception was excellent!
Why was the student's report card wet?
Because his grades were below C-Level.
If you can’t find a lawyer who knows the law, find a lawyer who knows the judge.
What did the necktie say to the hat?
You go on ahead. I'll hang around for a while.
What has a lot of keys but can not open any doors?
A piano.
What can you hold without ever touching it?
A conversation.
How can you get four suits for a dollar? Buy a deck of cards.
The kids next Door have challenged me to a water fight. I'm updating twitter while I wait for the kettle to boil.
grandpa always said,"Don't watch money; watch your health. So one day when I was watching my health, someone took my money.It was my grandpa
Mother: "Did you enjoy your first day at school?" 
Girl: "First day? Do you mean I have to go back tomorrow?
A: Hey, man! Please call me a taxi. 
B: Yes, sir. You are a taxi.
Teacher: Did you father help your with your homework? 
Student: No, he did it all by himself.
Did you hear about the new Chinese Cookbook being sold only at pet stores? 
"101 Ways to Wok Your Dog"
People make a resolution to lose weight.  I make a resolution to not take photos of myself. Problem solved.
Marriage is a three ring circus: an engagement ring, a wedding ring, and suffering
It's no accident that stressed spelled backwards is desserts.
When I was young I used to pray for a bike, then I realized that God doesn't work that way, so I stole a bike and prayed for forgiveness.
I tried working in a muffler factory but that was exhausting.
What is the thinnest book in the world? What Men Know About Women
I think that to counteract shoplifting, stores have rigged their scanners to automatically mark up the price that was on the shelf.
Do you know what my favorite machine to work in the Gym is? The vending machine.
The best time to start thinking about your retirement is before the boss does.
If you do not like the answer, you shouldn't have asked the question.
The paperless office will become a reality about the same time as the paperless toilet.
Frustration is not having anyone to blame but yourself.
I stink. I haven't showered since last year. #happynewyears
Snow blows. That's why they invented something to literalize that.
My parents told me they didn't have children. Are you as confused as I am?
Laugh at yourself. You'll never cease to be amused.
Never throw dirt when you're at war; you'll lose your ground.
If you die in an elevator, be sure to press the UP button.
Give a man a fire, and he is warm for the rest of the day. Set a man on fire, and he is warm for the rest of his life.
Take my advice; I don't use it anyway.
My friend came and asked me why I had two quarters in my ear. I said," I'm listening to 50 cent"
I am going to see if money really is happiness. I am now taking donations.
War determines who is left, not who is right.
What is a Woman's favorite book? A checkbook.
What are two things you can never have for Breakfast? Lunch and Dinner.
When a man steals your wife, there is no better revenge than letting him keep her.
Why do rooms filled with married people always seem so empty? Because there's not a single person in there. #marriage
What do short people like to drive? A mini-van #joke
Why do barbers become good drivers? They know all the short cuts.
Things to do in an elevator: alone with another person, tap them on the shoulder and pretend it wasn't you
I've got a friend who's fallen in love with two school bags, he's bisatchel.
I wasn't stealing, officer, in just wasn't shopping traditionally.
RAP: Retards Attempting Poetry
Police arrested two kids yesterday,one was drinking battery acid, the other was eating fireworks. They charged one and let the other one off
The funniest joke in the world isn't recorded. Every time someones tries to write it down, they die of laughter.
Guilt: a blanket of your own regrets.
Dear kids, those presents were not from Santa, they were from your parents. Sorry to disappoint.
Hallmark Card: "I'm so miserable without you, it's almost like you're still here."
Best pickup line ever:
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
62	
Hospitality: making your guests feel like they're at home, even if you wish they were.
19522523571
Grandma opens a present with a pair of earrings and grandpa leans over and says,"what are those, fish hooks?"
I am afraid of Santa-- I must be claustrophobic
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
So what happens if Big bird gets bankrupt and has a foreclosure? I mean.. He already lives on the street..
Q: how many ADD kids does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A: wanna go ride a bikes???
My grandfather is hard of hearing. He needs to read lips. I don’t mind him reading lips, but he uses one of those yellow highlighters.
I would never want to belong to any club that would have someone like me for member.
I have a large seashell collection, which I keep scattered on beaches all over the world.
I went to a fight the other night and a hockey game broke out.
I bought a box of animal crackers and it said on it "Do not eat if seal is broken." So I opened up the box, and sure enough...
I was coming back from Canada, driving through Customs, and the guy asked, "Do you have any firearms with you?" I said: "What do you need?"
animal behavior can warn you when something is coming. Like the night before that last earthquake hit, our  dog took the car and drove off
China has a population of a billion people. That means if you’re a one in a million, there are still a thousand others exactly like you.
A guy shows up late for work. The boss yells "You should have been here at 8:30!" he replies: "Why? What happened at 8:30?"
Knock! Knock!
Who's there?
Ach.
Ach who?
Bless you.
Knock! Knock! 
Who's there?
Robin.
Robin Who?
Robin you so hand it over.
Quitters never win, winners never quit. But those who never win and never quit are idiots.
In my house I'm the boss. My wife is just the decision maker.
Income tax has made liars out of more Americans than golf.
I'm really a timid person - I was beaten up by Quakers.
I'd rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate.
I don't believe in the afterlife, but I Brang a pair of clothes, just in case.
I don't know a lot about politics, but I can recognise a good party when I see one.
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
Don't look now, but there's one too many in this room and I think it's you.
Don't keep a man guessing too long - he's sure to find the answer somewhere else. #itstrueladies
Communism is like prohibition, it's a good idea but it won't work.
Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly.
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
Thank goodness for electricity. Without it, we'd all be watching tv by candlelight.
Santa has the right idea.. Visit people once a year.
Young men want to be faithful, and are not; old men want to be faithless, and cannot.
More money is not more happiness. Cause I was just as happy at 40 million as I am now with 42 million
Never go to a doctors whose office plants have died.
Women are meant to be loved, not understood.
If you are going to send someone to save the world, make sure they like it the way it is.
I slept in the kitchen last night. Why? Because I wanted breakfast in bed.
If needing some personal room, join NASA, they'll give you plenty of space.
I may walk slowly, but unlike you, I never walk back.
I didnt lose, I just ran out of time to win.
Drive carefully. 90% of people are accidents.
Depression: Anger without enthusiasm
I'd kill for a Nobel peace prize.
I hung a foot with bullet shells on the extremities on my doorway.  I called it "missile-toe"
The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age.
Sometimes the road less traveled is less traveled for a reason.
You know what is a "diet" is, don't you? It's "die" with a "t," that's what it is! -
Procrastination is like a credit card; it's a lot of fun until you get the bill.
A black cat crossing your path signifies that the animal is going somewhere.
When a man gives his wife flowers for no reason, there's a reason.
Why don't atheists ever become mathematicians? They don't believe in higher powers.
I think...therefore, I'm single.
I don't have a girlfriend. But I do know a woman who's mad at me for saying that.
Behind every successful man, there's a surprised woman.
I'm not going to vacuum 'til Sears makes one you can ride on.
9 in 10 people love chocolate. And the 10th person is a liar.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away, But if the doctor is cute forget the fruit.
Girls fall for me, because I trip them.
My mind is like lightning. Once I have an idea, it's brilliant, extraordinary, and lasts a fraction of a second.
Digging a girl.. With a shovel.
My friend said I spent too much time in the fantasy world. His words blew me off my dragon.
It is easier to ask forgiveness than to ask permission.
My reality check bounced.
ThereS only one problem with my mid life crisis. I'm 16.
The only reason why the postal service is still around is letters to Santa.
I have a pet peeve about hearing other's pet peeves.
Girl: If you were my husband I would poison your coffee.
Boy: If you were my wife I’d drink it.
Who needs rhetorical questions?
I did not fall flat on my face. I was testing gravity, and just so you know, it still works.
Do you want to know how to make an idiot wait? I will tell you later.
Your intelligence is my common sense.
Clones are people two.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
LOL has gone from laugh out loud to there's nothing left to say.
just tweeted that your a twit.
I think men would be extinct if women didn't have chocolate available.
Why don't autobiographies ever end in someone writing a book?
I want to die peacefully in my sleep like my grandfather. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
Among men, length of marriage correlates positively with hair loss.
Someone who eats their own food is a good cook, someone who laughs at their own jokes, is not funny.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
I've been in love with the same woman for years. If my wife finds out, she'll kill me!
If someone's addicted to rehab, then what?
Yeah, you can't judge a book by it's cover. But if the cover isn't appealing, I ain't reading it.
My 9-year-old sister just got a bank account. That just mean wr are out of the recession..right?
Are comedians funny or did they just never grow up?
The car mechanic handed the bill to the man and said," think of it this way, you came in with a junky car and came out with an expensive one
Chilean miners considered how funny it would be if they all died as soon as they finished the rescue tunnel
College is just high school with more expensive books.
Good girls Arent good. They just haven't gone bad yet.
Guy 1: look what I found? A needle in a haystack.
Guy 2: I can beat that, I found a job.
Guy 1: oooh, you win.
I love the looks people give me when I garden with no hoes.. Oh I mean shoes
Scariest part of Halloween? Giving away all your candy.
Wife to husband: " our neighbor is wondering if he could borrow his mower"
To do:cancel fishing trip, practice putting toilet seat down, teach wife how to check browser history------in your dreams, ladies.
Help wanted: telepath. You know where to apply.
Why do people want dollars to grow on trees? They're made from trees people.
Is there such thing as a free gift? Aren't all gifts free?
Laughing stock: Cattle with a sense of humor.
If you lend someone $20 and never see them again, it was probably worth it.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
Two men walk into a bar... You would have thought the second one would have ducked....
Why are all dumb blonde jokes one-liners? So men will understand them.
I thought I wanted a career, turns out, I just wanted a paycheck.
If I throw a stick, will you leave?
Atheism is a nonprophet organization.
By the time you finally understand grown-ups, you are one. Dennis the Menace
Is It wrong for a guy like me to have silk sheets? They're nice..
People say laughter is the best medicine, so instead of
Getting a flu shot, you can just look at my bank balance.
Will all those who believe in pyschokinesis please raise my hand?
My mother never saw the irony of calling me a son of a b
The worst part of censorship is ***********
don't judge a book by its movie.
Friends come and go, but enemies tend to accumulate.
The hardest thing about business is keeping your own.
Something impossible is just something that no one has done yet.
there are three types of people in this world: Those who can count, and those who cant.
Winter's coming, time to take off the stained satin sheets.
Video games ruined my life. Luckily, I have two more.
when life gives you lemons,
make grape juice,
then sit back,
and let the world wonder how you did it.
When I feel like life is going too fast, I go to the DMV.
Is it better to cheat, or repeat? #school

Don’t knock on death’s door. Hit the doorbell and run. He hates that.
She ran after the garbage truck, yelling, "Am I too late for the garbage?" Following her down the street I yelled, "No, jump in!"
We always hold hands. If I let go, she shops.
Someone stole all my credit cards, but I won't be reporting it. The thief spends less than my wife did.
I had a guy message me saying, " you, are stunning" I replied, "yes, and straight too."
I want to kill the hottest person alive, but suicide is a crime.
1f u c4n r34d 7h15, u r34lly n33d 2 g37 4 l1f3.
I just gave a girl my number in roman numerals. If she can figure it out, she's worth a shot.
Don't steal, the government doesn't want any competition.
Facebook is like jail. You sit around and waste your time, you write on walls, and poke people you don't know.
2 guys walked into a bar. The third one ducked.
Did you hear about the romance between the two blood vessels?
They loved in vein....
Is it weird my favorite part of a girl is her frontal thigh?
A: Why are you crying? 
B: The elephant is dead. 
A: Was he your pet? 
B: No, but I'm the one who must dig his grave.
Whas that? Oh, it's the stank basket.
PUPIL: "Would you punish me for something I didn’t do?" 
TEACHER:" Of course not." 
PUPIL: "Good, because I haven’t done my homework."
Marriage is the only war where you sleep with the enemy.
Girls have tea time, guys have tee time.
Puts the "oopid" in "stupid"
Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
Ever have a fly land on your computer screen and your first reaction is to hit it with the cursor?
Why are wrong numbers never busy?
Little Johnny: Teacher, can I go to the bathroom? 
Teacher: Little Johnny, MAY I go to the bathroom? 
Little Johnny: But I asked first!
Did Noah include termites on the ark?
A man complimented me on my driving today, there was a note on my windshield that said "parking fine"
Why do they leave out the letter B on "Garage Sale" Signs?
A politician is one who shakes your hand before election, and shakes your confidence after.
God wants spiritual fruit, not religious nuts.
The computer beat me at chess, but I can sure as heck beat it at kickboxing.
If big elephants have big trunks, do small elephants have suitcases?
My two Mexican buddies were playing basketball with each other. I called it a Juan on Juan tournament.
What do you call a sheep with no legs?
A cloud
What's the difference between chopped beef and pea soup?
Everyone can chop beef, but not everyone can pea soup!
Of course men can multitask, we read on the toilet.
Bosses are like slinkies. Never fun unless you seem them fall down the stairs.
It has recently been discovered that research causes cancer in rats.
I don't have a big ego. I'm way too cool for that.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.
You were born as an original, don't die as a copy!
Winter is now here. And Have I changed the stained silk sheets? No, but they've gotten worse.
A guy said, "I see the light at the end of the tunnel". I then told him, "yeah, it's a train". ------*smack*
Wrapping presents is easy you get your paper scissors/tape. Then you get a pitiful, helpless look on your faceand someone will do it for you
I was going to sue a neurosurgeon, but then he changed my mind.
I have a photographic memory, it's just out of film.
I hope the guy who wants to make that million dollars so freaking bad makes $999,999.99 then gets hit by a bus. Via@amazingoneliner
Instead of a hammock, it should be called the nap-sack
The difference between in-laws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted.
Borrow money from a pessimist, they don't expect it back.
I put my left earphone in and said.. This doesn't feel right.
What do you do if a blonde throws you a grenade? Pull the pin and throw it back.
Only one thing keeps me from sticking to a diet. Food.
I'm beginning to think that if opportunity ever does knock, it'll be because it has to use my bathroom.
My girlfriend said she wanted me to be more like her Ex. So I dumped her.
No wonder newborn babies cry. They've got nothing to eat, no clothes and they already owe the government money.
Without ME, it's just AWESO.
It was only 7 days ago, but it felt just like last week.
Look people I don't like exercise so I'm not going to walk a mile in your shoes. I'll judge you standing right here.
I told my wife I wanted breakfast in bed. She said go sleep in the kitchen.
Great minds don't think alike, great minds just think.
I'm not bald, my forehead just extends to the back of my neck.
The up-side to procrastination is you always have something to do tomorrow.
Just because your a parent, doesn't mean you have to be lame.
Whose idea was it to put an "S" in the word "lisp"?
Procrastination has it's good side. You always have something to do tomorrow.
Life is like a Lambourghini. It goes too fast and it costs too much.
Answering Machine: "Hi! I'm probably home. I'm just avoiding someone I don't like. Leave a message. If I don't call back, it's you."
I slept like a baby last night.... Waking up every 3 hours crying for food.
I've always wondered If someone has actually LMAO'd.
To steal from one is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
Slim: the line between genius and insane.
I consider "On Time" to be when I get there.
If it's till death do us part, we are all single in heaven right?
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
What's another word for thesaurus?
Do you need a silencer to shoot a mime?
During a lecture on India, the teacher said a woman gives birth every 10 seconds in the country. A kid stood up and said, we gotta stop her!
Cooking is as easy as cake.
Crime doesn't pay...Does that mean my job is a crime?
I couldn't repair your breaks, so I made your horn louder.
It all makes sense. If pro is opposite of con, then the opposite of progress..
Writing is nature's way of letting you know how sloppy your thinking is.
Wedding rings are too much like little handcuffs.
I went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman where the Self Help section was. She said if she told me it would defeat the purpose.
I don't skinny dip, I phanny float!
I will start watching it when it's called "dancing off a cliff"
My boss thinks of me as a verb.
Those stairs move so fast! They slipped right out from under me.
A 40-year-old man called me swell. What the heck do I do now?
Your tongue weighs practically nothing. So why can't you hold it?
Has Tiny biceps, but they are getting fatter in the middle.
Odd? I'm completely whacked.
My friend tells me I am too lazy to think for myself. What's he mean?
Even if there is nothing to say, that hasn't stopped some people.
Honey, would you like a snack? "No" Then would you make me one?
If you want flattery girls, I'm your man. I have a steam roller ready to use.
If all else fails, lower your standards.
You're not living longer, you're just dying slower!
Bumper Sticker: Keep honking, I'm reloading.
I ran out of sick days, so now I call in dead.
I don't use toilet paper. I use hindkerchifs.
I knew I was going bald when it kept taking me longer and longer to wash my face.
A dictionary is the only place where eighth comes before first.
Money does grow on trees! Banks have branches don't they?
With Harry Potter, Oprah, and letterman all done, I guess the world is really ending.
That Ke$ha song, Blah Blah Blah, the Chase she was talking about, yeah. It's me.
We no longer live in the real world. We live in the reel world.
Of course it's in the last place you look. You're not gonna keep looking after that..right?
Why are all blonde jokes one-liners? So men can understand them.
When i grow older, I want to be a couple with my wife.. Not a couple of parents.
While driving the car on a cross country trip I decided to lose 120 pounds of ugly fat... I left my wife at a rest stop...
Wife: germs last on paper money for up to 27 days! Husband: *opens empty wallet* don't worry, we're safe.
Tsk..a slinky riding the escalator. I swear, laziness has taken over this country!
As Mr Peanut left his house, he said to his wife, "see you, I'll be back in a Jif"
I dropped 30 lbs over the summer. "oh yeah? And what happened to your foot?" that's where I dropped the 30 lb sandbag.
I like putting notes on peoples windshields saying I smashes their car and did an amazing job fixing it.
Facebook Movie showtimes: 4:00 6:00 8:00 10:00.  Twitter Showtimes: 4:00 4:02 4:06 4:08
Humpty Dumpty's last words. " man I had a good summer. I just hope I have a great fall!"
The only time you would ever would want to wear a vegetable costume is in a gladiator stadium full of carnivores
Marriage is grand, but divorce is 50 grand.
Indebted: when you use your visa to pay off your MasterCard.
Should Jack be considered a number?
Big TV dinners=big TVs
My friends' kids' names began from a-z. after they had George, they named their next girl Zack. I don't think they wanted anymore kids.
What do you say to God when he sneezes?
When I was born, the doctor came  to the waiting room and said to my father, I'm very sorry. We did everything we could. But he pulled thru
I was an ugly kid, when I played in the sandbox, the cat kept covering me up.
A girl called me, she told me to come over because no one was home. Sure enough, no one was there.
If winning isn't everything, why do we keep score?
If God meant for us to be naked, he would have fit our skin better on.
I don't consider myself bald. I consider myself taller than my hair.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his butt.
Why do people have hot water heaters? If the waters hot, why heat it?
If you steal a clean slate, does it go on your record?
I hope baby oil doesn't come from where it says it does..
What happens if a book on how to fail, sells? Is it now a success?
If you urinate in a pair of swim goggles and strap them to your face you won't need Instagram anymore.
Need experience for job. Need job for experience.
What did the triangle say to the circle? You're so pointless.
My friend dropped his box of Italian pastries on the floor. I cannoli imagine what he must be going through.
The common misconception that polar bears live in Antarctica is crazy, that place is unbearable.
A pirate who wants to stay healthy takes Vitamin "Sea".
How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram.
Having sex in elevators is wrong on so many levels.
I can't stand math teachers. They've got too many problems.
My girlfriend changed after she became a vegetarian. It's like I've never seen herbivore.
"They told me to play safe, so I played with one" - Thief
If 'being obnoxious' was an Olympic event you'd win every time!
"Nothing is really lost until your mom can't find it."
Sleep + social life = bad grades. Good grades + sleep = no social life. Good grades + social life = no sleep.
Once upon a time I accidentialy smashed my face in the keyboard and wrote the 5th Twighlight book.
Chuck Norris doesn't flush his toilet. He just scares the shit out of it!
Saw a flying saucer today. It appeared right after the flying cup that my girlfriend threw at me.
I found the key to success. Now, I just need to find the lock.
A wise man once said nothing.
My fan has three speeds: useless, useless and wind tunnel.
You should check out this really expensive chair I just bought. It's in Section 6, row 20 at the stadium.
The five stages of Monday: Denial, Anger, Bargaining, Depression, Wine.
Sophisticated listening devices are nothing new. Where I live, we call them 'neighbors'.
People say 60 is the new 40...the cop that pulled me over this morning disagreed.
When Aryabhatta checked my exam papers, he invented zero.
According to all the latest reports, there was no truth in any of the earlier reports.
Math: Only place where people buy 60 watermelons and no one wonders why.
I used to think that getting dumped is the worst feeling in the world until last night when a 5 GB download failed at 99%.
My girlfriend and I broke up due to religious differences... She failed to worship me
My neighbors loved the music so much when I turned it up, that they invited the police to listen.
Women drivers are like stars in the sky. You can see them, but they can't see you.
A burp is just a fart that took the elevator.
The first rule for those with a bad memory: 1)
The letter 'q' needs to get a real job.
The closest to perfection most people ever get is when they're filling out a job application.
CAUTION: Reading the entire medication warning may cause drowsi....
Falling in love is like riding a bike. There's always a chance you might get run over.
Tomorrow: A mystical land where 99% of all human productivity, motivation, and achievement is stored.
You should know you'll get loud when you start drinking. It says right there on the label, "Alcohol by volume."
The way to fight a woman is with your hat. Grab it and run.
Someone tell Facebook that all relationships are complicated.
I wish some conversations came with a fast-forward button.
My apathy is at an all time whatever.
Hey, to whoever invented the zero: Thanks for nothing.
I was the first person to injure themselves during The Safety Dance.
I wish I could remember that joke I heard about Alzheimer's.
Just saw a politician trying to save both faces.
Wow what a rush, I was just recognized in public! I didn't think that wanted poster was still in circulation.
If anyone lost a roll of hundred dollar bills, with a rubber band around it...... I found the rubber band.
This day is pregnant with possibilities, but I just found out they're not mine.
Very few things upset my wife. So, it makes me feel rather special to be one of them.
WARNING: If you do it right the first time, they'll ask you to do it again.
Socks have the highest divorce rate.
Wife and daughter are out of town, which means I'm the man of the house now.
Let's grow old together. You go first.
I live life in the fast lane ... with a stream of cars behind me, horns blaring.
A fool and his money are never around when you need them.
Men look at a woman's behind and go "Oh! What an ass!" Women look at a man's face and go "Oh! What an ass!"
They shouldn't call it "office politics", if you can't really vote out the bosses.
You can tell a lot by the way a woman walks. Like if she walks away, she's probably not into you.
I have reliable inside information about Apple's next product. I will not be able to afford it.
I really need to stop talking to my cat. Right meow.
I have some jokes about unemployment but they need some work.
Twitter has saved me from a terrifying keeping-my-thoughts-to-myself addiction.
Let's all get drunk and correct each other's grammar.
That awkward moment when someone you hate thinks your opinion is valid.
Titanic 3D is out. You guys think they'll see the iceberg this time?
The "National Tell A Lie Day" was just another day for every politician.
The most terrifying thing a woman can say to me is "notice anything different?"
Galaxy Note jokes are the new "Yo Mamma So Fat" jokes.
Men think about sex every sex words. I mean six words.
The three fastest means of communication: Telephone, Television, Twitter and tell-a woman.
What is the similarity between Bill Gates & me? Don't know? 
He never comes to my house & I never go to his house EGO PROBLEMS YOU KNOW.
Pretending to write when the teacher starts calling on random people.
Immature: A word boring people use to describe fun people.
A bikini is an outfit where 90% of a women's body is exposed and men are decent enough to stare at the 10% that is covered.
I changed my car horn sound to gunshots, people move out of the way much faster now.
When I die, I want to be buried with some random animal bone like a Giraffe, just to confuse future archaeologists.
No one makes a bigger deal about driving to work than firetrucks.
If you want a successful relationship, find someone who likes the same thermostat setting you do.
I'm really tired from all of this metamorphosizing from a single cell.
I don't know why the boss calls it a week's wages when it only lasts for a day.
Every once in a while, it's important to show my kids who's boss. (I do this by pointing to my wife.)
Can you sue a Chinese restaurant for damages incurred as a result of bad fortune cookie advice?
Somewhere, a smart Laser eye surgeon has an office full of brochures that are all slightly out of focus.
"What's the definition of anxiety?" 
"The half of the time when you're worried about the other half of the time."
Life is full of disappointments and I'm full of life.
Health insurance and homeowner's insurance are the same thing to a Turtle.
I used to own a party balloon company but I couldn't keep up with the high cost of inflation.
I don't understand how crows can fly so straight when there's so many crow bars around.
A bear hug isn't truly a bear hug unless it's administered by a real bear.
Hundreds of kids are shipped off to "Mime Boarding School" every year, never to be heard from again.
I like to lead by bad example.
You haven't truly won an argument until the other person says "whatever."
It doesn’t matter what it is. If it glows in the dark, It's automatically cool.
After reading this you will notice that the the brain doesn't notice the second "the".
The speed I drive my car is related to the type of music I'm listening to.
The tooth fairy teaches children that they can sell their body parts for money.
I don't have bad handwriting. I have my own font.
Whoever said that I can't cook obviously hasn't tasted my cereal.
I don't have a short temper, I just have a quick reaction to bullsh*t.
I MUSTACHE you a question, but I'll SHAVE it for later.
Grammar is the difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit.
Kiss me if I'm wrong. But dinosaurs still exist right?
Committing suicide is a 6 step process. 
Step 1: Find the edge of a cliff....
....now take 5 more steps.
Cashiers are always checking me out.
"You're like a coin." ... 
"Awwww, valuable?" ... 
"Nope, two faced"
I asked my girl what she wanted for Christmas this year, and she said "Surprise me"... So I phoned her from Hawaii.
I was pulled over by the police... "Have we been drinking sir" "No" I replied. "I don't remember you buying me a pint"
Roses are dead, Violets are dead, I'm shit at gardening.
Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it isn't going away.
I always try not to judge people. Which is probably why I lost my job as a judge!
I used to like my neighbours, until they put a password on their Wi-Fi.
Officer to drunk boy : "How high are you?" Drunk Boy: No officer, its "Hi! How are you?"
What do cows do for entertainment?
They rent "moovies".
After (M)onday and (T)uesday even the week says WTF!
Yesterday I sent out a text saying, "Hey I lost my phone, will you call it?" 10 people called me. I need smarter friends.
When you really want to slap someone, do it and say "Mosquito!!"
My Dad was behind bars for twenty years. Heck of a bartender he was.
I looked at your trophy wife. I see you didn't win first place.
My imaginary friends are real. They just happen to be friends with other people except me.
I'm having a bit of car trouble...mainly because I can't afford to put gas in it.
Lost an hour. Bet it's somewhere with my keys.
I always learn from the mistake of others who take my advice.
I got slapped at work today. I only asked if she spits or swallows. It seemed like a reasonable question considering we work as wine tasters
You're everything I never wanted.
Sometimes pain is just nature's way of telling you that you're the nail instead of the hammer.
My Sony receiver just told me to standby as it was turning off. Next thing you know it'll want me to hug it.
My boss has a heart of gold. Or whatever metal they're using these days to make robot hearts.
A paper cut is a tree's last revenge.
If 14th March was truly a Pi Day, then it would never end.
Sometimes, I wish I could hit the snooze button on coworkers.
It's a shame that stupidity can't be converted into a usable energy source.
Most mathematicians don't realize, there's an easy way to round Pi. Just add an "e".
For all the things done in its name, Love should complain more about identity theft.
Robots are never anxious because they have nerves of steel.
You never truly understand something unless you can explain it to your grandmother.
Karma is only a bitch if you are.
I can't put into words how much I love my wife. I'm illiterate!
Being sick can really affect your grades in school. The kid my son cheats off of was out all last week.
I had three dates today. They were incredible. Three more tomorrow. Thing is, I have to finish this box of dates before it expires.
I tried to kill a spider with hair spray. It's still alive but its hair look amazing!
My new house has a circular driveway. I can't get out.
Place a STUDENT DRIVER sign on top of your car, and suddenly nobody suspects you of drunk driving.
I got the chips for my Super Bowl party. The dips should be arriving any minute.
Childhood is like being drunk. Everyone remembers what you did, except you.
My calculator is missing the minus button but, on the plus side, it still works.
A criminal's best asset is his lie ability.
I just got off the phone with my mother. She called 12 years ago.
My body is a temple. That is, it feels and looks like something that was destroyed by the Romans some 2500 years ago.
If I have to work for an idiot, I might as well work for myself.
If your feet smell and your nose runs, you're built upside down.
Once in a while I take the blame when the dog farts, just to pay him back.
Wanted to be a farmer at one time, but it turned out to be the wrong field for me.
Know what the two pessimists did when they first met? They shook their heads.
I did not fight my way up the food chain to be a vegetarian.p162
I have a phone interview tomorrow. What are some good questions to ask a phone?
I'd put more jokes about sex on here but I don't know much about it. I'm a married man.
Beer doesn't make you FAT, it makes you LEAN....Against walls, tables, chairs, floors, and ugly people.
While driving yesterday I saw a banana peel in the road and instinctively swerved to avoid it....thanks Mario Kart.
The boss says they passed over a lot of good people before they hired me.
Doctor: "The best thing you can do is give up drinking and smoking and eat healthy foods." 
Patient: "What's the second best thing?"
George Washington could not tell a lie, and thus would be an abject failure in politics today.
My ex-wife believed marriage should be between a man, a woman, her mother, her sisters, & the neighbors across the street.
People from the east and west coasts call this part of the country "the heartland" so they can bypass it.
They say 5 out of 4 people have problems with fractions.
We will continue having meetings, everyday, until I find out why no work is getting done.
"Doctor! Doctor! I snore so loudly, I wake myself up at night."
"Have you tried sleeping in another room?"
My wife has a contract to give lectures. It's called a marriage license.
Today I told my mom I broke into a homeless man house. She grounded me.p176
Changed my computer password to "silence". Apparently the wife doesn't know that word.
Got a new job working at the police station sketching pictures of suspects. I'm a con artist.
Math may not teach us how to add love or how to minus hate. But it gives us every reason to hope that "every problem has a solution".
I just read an article about the wages of alcoholism. So wait... you can get paid for that?
If loving you is wrong, I've probably loved you.
10 things you will never know about me: 
1-
Every new McDonald's creates 40 jobs. 20 dentists and 20 heart surgeons!
Pizza is like sex, when it is good it's VERY GOOD, when it's bad...it's still pretty good.
Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired.
I'm for politicians doing two terms. One in office and one in jail.
Popcorn is probably my favorite food that explodes before you eat it.
The main ingredient in hand sanitizer is paranoia.
The tongue weighs practically nothing, but only a few people can hold it.
A pessimist counting his blessings, "10...9...8...7...6...5..."
Remember, there are two words in life that will open a lot of doors for you. Push and Pull.
The only thing longer than my honey-do list is my honey-don't list.
Tip to reduce weight: Turn your head to the left then turn to the right. Repeat this exercise every time you are offered something to eat.
I start everyday with a sit up. I've done nearly 10,000 so far.
If adult diapers are called 'Depends', then baby diapers should be called 'Definitely'.
If you want my opinion you'll have to ask my wife for it.
Yesterday was International Women's Day. It was actually supposed to be held on the day before yesterday but they took too long to get ready
Fable: a story told by a teenager arriving home three hours after curfew.
I always cry at the same spot in the movies. Right at the ticket window.
At the bank, I told the cashier, "I'd like to open a joint account please." 
Cashier: "OK, with whom?" 
Me: "Whoever has lots of money."
You never realize what you have till its gone... Toilet paper is a good example.
First rule of gun safety: Don't piss me off.
Before you wed that lawyer, remember you're about to marry someone who's been professionally trained to argue.
How do you know an Asian broke into your home? Your dog has been eaten, math homework's done, and he's still trying to leave your driveway.
What are the pros and cons of wearing two watches? On one hand, you have a watch, but on the other hand, you have a watch.
I had to take the batteries out of the carbon monoxide detector last night. The loud beeping was giving me a headache and made me feel dizzy
9 out of 10 doctors recommended for children to drink water instead of soda. That 1 doctor lives in flint michigan
Girlfriend: "I'm sick of you pretending you're a detective. I think we should split up."
Me: "Good idea. We can cover more ground that way."
My Dad got a new pair of pants. When I asked him how they fit, he said, "like a cheap castle". When I looked confused he said, "no ballroom"
The other day a clown held the door open for me. It was a nice jester.
I beat a black belt at karate. My next challenger is a green sock.
A local movie theater was robbed of $600 worth of merchandise. The suspects stole 3 medium popcorns, 1 bag of skittles and 4 small diet cokes.
What did one butt cheek say to the other? If we stick together, we can stop this shit.
Did you see that Sargento Cheese is going to stop selling shredded cheese? They're trying to make America grate again
How do you know Justin Bieber is Canadian? Only a Canadian could get a #1 on Billboard with a song called Sorry.
Will glass coffins be a success? Remains to be seen.
What does a turtle and a pedophile have in common? They both want to get there before the hare does.
I was wondering what my parents did without the internet. None of my 13 siblings could tell me
My girl caught me blowing my dick with the air dryer, and asked what I was doing. Apparently, "Heating your dinner" wasn't a good answer.
When Alexander Graham Bell finally finished inventing the telephone, he had 3 missed calls from Chuck Norris.
I went to a restaurant yesterday and the waitress had a black eye. When I ordered I spoke very slowly, because clearly she didn't listen well.
9 years ago I asked the girl of my dreams out on a date. Today I asked her to marry me. She said no both times.
What does Arnold Schwarzenegger call a colonoscopy? A Cameron Diaz #SayItOutLoud
Three people having sex is called a threesome and four people having sex is called a foursome. I guess that's why everyone calls me handsome!
"Son, I don't think you're cut out to be a mime." "Was it something I said?" Asks the son. "Yes."
What's the difference between boy scouts and Jews? Boy scouts always come back from camp!
What's the best thing about being black? Not having to listen to awful dad jokes.
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court? He heard the ref was blowing fouls
Do special ed teachers mark late students as tardy?
What's the difference between Bill Cosby and a Rap artist? The art
Why are Mike Tyson's eyes always red after sex? Pepper Spray
My wife told me I'm not allowed to impersonate a flamingo anymore. I had to put my foot down.
My girlfriend peed her pants and asked me if she was still beautiful. I told her, "urinate out of ten."
I bought the world's worst thesaurus yesterday. Not only is it terrible, it's terrible.
My lesbian neighbors got me a Rolex for Christmas. I guess they misunderstood when I said I wanna watch.
I'm getting a little tired of these people coming to my door telling me I need to be "saved" or "I'll burn"... Stupid firefighters.
What kind of organization is Atheism? Non-prophet.
I told my wife we can have sex or go see Star Wars, she said, I'm on my period and Star Wars is sold out. She pulled some strings and got me in.
My friend asked me if the new Star Wars was in 3D. I said, yes, but they R2D2.
What's the rudest type of Elf? The GofuckyoursELF
Abortions are so fun. It really brings out the kid in you
5 out of 6 scientists say Russian Roulette is safe.
What do you call cows that don't have a sense of humor? Feminists.
Why do Indians hate snow? It's white and it's on their land.
I'm 36 but have the body of an 18-year-old.  The police are pretty upset about it.
I got arrested for killing a black man. They charged me with impersonating a police officer.
"Mom? Don't freak out, but I'm in the hospital." "Bob, you've been a doctor for 8 years now, stop starting every call we have with that."
Won the lottery for a million dollars today so I decided to donate a quarter of it to charity. I now have $999,999.75
Why do midgets make bad parents? Cause they struggle to put food on the table
G/f left a note on the fridge. "It's not working. Can't take it anymore." Opened the fridge and the light came on. What the hell did she mean?
My favorite sexual position is the JFK. I splatter all over her while she screams and tries to get out of the car.
Why was the 6 month old African baby crying? It was having a mid life crisis
3 men are on a boat. They have 4 cigars, but nothing to light them with. They throw a cigar overboard and the boat becomes a cigar lighter.
What do you call cows that have a sense of humor? Laughing stock.
What do you call a singing laptop? A Dell
I have a phobia of over engineered buildings. It's a complex complex complex.
When life gives Charlie Sheen lemons, he fucks them and gives them lemon-aids
My girlfriend said to me "sex is better on vacation". That wasn't a very nice postcard to receive.
What's the worst animal to play cards with? A cheetah. Because it'll rip your face off.
My wife told me to take a spider out instead of killing it. We went and had drinks. Cool guy, wants to be a web designer.
I like my puns like I like my sausages. The wurst ones are the best.
I almost got raped in jail. My family takes monopoly way too seriously.
My doctor diagnosed me with cancer and Alzheimer's. At least it isn't cancer.
What's the difference between American teenage girls and Muslim teenage girls? American teenage girls get stoned BEFORE they have sex.
What should you do when life gives you melons? Get tested for dyslexia.
The girl I lost my virginity to was retarded. I wanted my first time to be special.
Rick Astley will let you borrow any movie from his Pixar collection, except one. He's never gonna give you Up
How many ants does it take to rent a house? Ten ants
What's 18 inches long and makes women scream at night? Crib Death.
What did the Mexican Firefighter name his twin sons? José and Hose B
I tried to sue the airport for misplacing my luggage. I lost my case.
Why do pediatricians get so frustrated? They have very little patients.
What do prime numbers and stoners have in common? The higher they are, the more spaced out they get
I'm addicted to having money in the bank. I really do suffer from withdrawals.
You hear about the newest member of the X-Men? Caitlyn Jenner
My boss said he's going to fire the employee with the worst posture. I've got a hunch it might be me.
Where would you park your camel? The Camelot.
What did the vampire say to the teacher? See you next period!
What do you call a teacher that doesn't fart in public? A private tooter.
Crocodiles can grow up to 20 feet, but most have just four.
Mike Tyson was arrested for beating up a pizza waitress. As he was finish eating, she asked "You wanna box for the rest of your pizza?"
There's two fish in a tank. One turns to the other and says 'You man the guns, I'll drive'
Damn girl are you a smoke detector? Because you're super annoying and won't shut up
What do you call a dictionary on drugs? High definition.
I went to the doctor and he said "don't eat anything fatty." I asked " no bacon? No steak?" He replied "No fatty, just don't eat anything! "
Why do pencils shave? To look sharp.
A mexican magician told the audience he'll disappear on the count of three. He said "Uno, dos" *POOF*. He disappeared without a tres.
I want to tell a joke about Steve Jobs, but won't because it's not PC.
Life is like a box of chocolates; it doesn't last as long for fat people.
To the guy in the wheelchair who stole my camouflage jacket...You can hide, but you can't run.
A Japanese man once tried to fake his own death. His family didn't bereave him.
What's Gordon Ramsay's favorite movie? IT'S FUCKING FROZEN
I, for one, like Roman Numerals
What is the difference between a well dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle? Attire
Unfortunately I lost my Korean friend the other day. So Yung. She was my Seoul mate.
Thank you, student loans, for helping me get through college. I don't think I can ever repay you.
I hate those people who knock on your door and tell you how you need to be "saved" or you'll "burn." Stupid firemen
Moses was the first person to use Control-C as a shortcut.
What's the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi? People in Dubai don't like the Flintstones but people in Abu Dhabi doooooo.
I like my women how I like my bicycles. Chained up in the garage and two tired for movement.
The Dentist says, "When was the last time you flossed?" The Patient replies, "You should know, you were there!"
How did Rihanna find out Chris Brown was cheating on her? She found another women's lipstick on his knuckles.
My grandfather had a stroke this week. He saw a picture of my grandmother when she was younger and couldn't help himself.
What kind of water do you put into a waterbed? Spring water
Here's a FedEx joke - actually, you'll get it tomorrow
Why are 9/11 victims the best readers? They can go through 94 stories in seconds!
A cop pulled over a Rabbi on Yom Kippur and said "hey you were speeding". The Rabbi replied "no, I'm fasting".
If I got $1 every time a woman said I was't her type, I'd be her type.
When I get mad I count down from ten out loud. I was arrested, the cops mistook me for a bomb.
Dave drowned. So at the funeral we got him a wreath in the shape of a lifesaver. It's what he would have wanted.
I received an email from Google. It said, "At Google Earth we can read maps backwards " I thought, "That's just spam."
My ex wife died so to honor her, I poured a fine, 12 year old bottle of scotch on her grave. But first I filtered it through my kidneys.
Why did the computer crash? Because it had a bad driver!
What do you call a terrorist's girlfriend?  A Guantanamo Bae
What does the sign of an out of business brothel say? Beat it. We're closed.
Why are there no transvestites in space? Because there is zero drag.
America is going to suffer if Donald Trump becomes president. You could say they are going toupée for it.
A policeman knocked on the door and said, "It looks like your wife has been in an accident..." I said "Yes but she has a great personality!"
I remember the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket... "How far do you think I can kick this bucket?"
What's the difference between a 'hippo' and a 'Zippo'? One's really heavy, and the other's a little lighter.
How's Donald Trump going to get rid of all the Mexicans? Juan by Juan.
I threw a party for people who can't ejaculate. Nobody came.
Why is Def Leppard the best band to listen to while driving? Because you only need one arm to drum along
I'm really pleased with my new fridge magnet. So far I've got eight fridges.
Have you ever seen Puns: The Musical? If not, you really should. It's a great play on words.
Why did the cyclops quit teaching? He had only one pupil.
What was Spiderman's major in college? Web Design
It may be illegal to steal kitchen utensils, but what can I say? I'm a whisk taker
How do you blind an Asian woman? Put a windshield in front of her.
Did you hear about the pessimistic German vegetarian? He feared the wurst
I hate when people ask me what I'm see myself doing in 5 years. Its not like I have 2020 vision.
What does Donald Trump tell Barack Obama supporters? Orange Is The New Black
Anyone need a job? I hear Malaysia Airlines is looking for people.
Jared Fogle of Subway started and ended his career the same way. Trying to get into smaller pants.
A waiter walks up to a table full of Jewish women dining and asks "ladies, is anything ok?"
Diarrhea must be hereditary because it runs in your jeans.
Did you know humans are born with four kidneys? Two of them grow into adult knees.
What did the depressed ghost say to the psychiatrist? Thanks for lifting my spirits.
Why did 10 die? Because he was in the middle of 9/11
Hear about the baby with AIDS?  It never gets old
Why does Beyonce say "To the left, to the left"? Because black people have no rights.
Geno Smith went to throw a punch back, but it was short a few yards.
What does idk stand for? Literally everyone I ask says they don't know.
I hate it when homeless people shake their change cups at me. I get it, you have more money than me. No need to be a dick about it.
I seriously hate it when a couple starts having an argument in front of you. They could have least waited until I got dressed and left.
Can you believe that my neighbor knocked at my door at 2AM!? Luckily, I was up playing my drums.
Two blondes fell down a hole. One said, "It's dark in here isn't it?" The other replied, "I don't know; I can't see."
Today someone was killed with a starter pistol. Police think it might be race related.
I know a lot of jokes about unemployed people, but none of them work
Somebody actually complimented me on my driving today. They left a note on the windshield. It said, "Parking fine", so that was nice.
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take"...is terrible advice for a recovering alcoholic.
When my employer asked if I had a criminal record I guess "highest number of robberies in an hour" wasn't the answer he was looking for.
Why do only 9/10 dentists recommend Crest toothpaste? The last dentist is busy killing a lion.
What do you call a marine who can't swim? A submarine.
Several toilets were stolen last night. Police say they have nothing to go on.
Is the KKK a good source of Potassium? Yes, because they're all bananas.
My boss said "You're the worst fucking train driver ever. How many trains have you derailed to date?" I replied "It's hard to keep track."
Why does a milking stool only have three legs? Because the cow has the udder.
50% of Japanese doctors have Cataracts. The other 50% drive Rincolns.
My wife told me she wanted the body of a stripper, but she screamed when I brought her one.
My friend really changed when she became a vegetarian. It's like I've never seen herbivore.
I've finally stopped drinking for good. Now I drink for evil
What did the Indian boy say to his mom before he left? Mumbai
What concert ticket costs 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback
Why did the guitarist go to jail? For fingering A minor
Why do fish live in salt water? Because pepper makes them sneeze.
This joke is so dark that I hope it doesn't get shot by the police.
My doctor asked if I drink to excess. I told him I'll drink to anything.
I was going down on this chick when I noticed her pussy tasted like horse semen. I stopped and said "Oh, so that's how you died, Grandma."
My gf broke up with me, saying "You believe you're a Transformer. It's stupid." I said, "But, I can change!" She said, "There you go again!"
Never have unprotected sex with a cannibal. next thing you know, you'll have a baby in the oven.
I suggested to my wife that she'd look sexier with her hair back. Which is apparently an insensitive thing to say to a cancer patient.
What do you call a bear in the rain? A drizzly bear.
They are the nosiest type of pepper. They are always jalapeño in your business
Pretty soon the only place you will be able to buy a Confederate flag will be the black market. Oh the irony.
What is the capital of Greece? About £10
Why do girls always get mad when I try to read their shirts? It's not my fault I'm blind.
I started an emo salsa band. We're called Hispanic at the Disco
If Donald Trump gets elected president there's gonna be hell toupée.
Did you hear about the woman who got attacked by a gang of mimes? They performed unspeakable acts on her.
Did you hear about the mathematician who's afraid of negative numbers? He'll stop at nothing to avoid them.
What do you do if your kids start smoking? Take them out of the oven.
Why is the hipster sweating? Because he wore a scarf before it was cool.
I thought my vasectomy would keep my wife from getting pregnant. But apparently it just changes the color of the baby.
Why don't dentists display their awards? Because they want to prevent plaque build-up.
Why did Jon Snow stand in line for 6 hours at the Apple Store? For the watch
Why should you always bring a bag of chips to a party? In queso emergency.
What do scientists and vegetables have in common? Stephen Hawking
I recently got sick at the airport. My doctor says it's a terminal illness.
If you have a bee in your hand what do you have in your eye? Beauty. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
I ended up in jail the other night and the guys across from me had glued themselves together. It was very con-fusing.
It's crazy how sexist the postal service is. I guess that's natural with such a mail dominated industry.
I got arrested the other day for holding a little girl's hand. They wanted to know where the rest of her body was
My friend thinks he's smart. He told me an onion is the only food that makes you cry, so I threw a coconut at his face.
There's no reason to be tailgating me when I'm doing 50 in a 35...and those flashing lights on your car look stupid.
How do you piss off a female archaeologist? Give her a used tampon and ask her what period it came from.
I've recently developed a severe phobia of elevators. I'm taking steps to avoid them.
What's the difference between a Penis and a paycheck? After five years your Wife will still blow your paycheck.
What do you call an Irishman who bounces off of walls? Rick O'Shea.
What happens to lawyers after they die? They lie still.
I lent a hot girl my umbrella yesterday. That takes the number of girls I've made wet this year to -1.
I saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by switching....to reverse and leaving the scene.
A cannibal passed his friend in the woods.
What is E.T. short for? So he can fit on a spaceship.
My wife gave me a brochure on anger management the other day. I lost it.
The only B word you should call a girl is Beautiful. Bitches love to be called Beautiful
A suicide bomber says to his apprentice: "Watch carefully I can only do this once!"
What do you call a vehicle with no fuel in Africa? Outtagascar
How do you keep a blonde busy for years? Tell her to count the stairs on an escalator.
Why does Kim Jong Un love books. Because he's the glorious Reader
Why did the pig buy flour and sugar? He felt like bacon.
Hao Long is a Chinese name.
What kind of weed do reptiles smoke? Mariguana.
What is a ghost's favorite type of porn? Booooookake
I like my women like I like my coffee. Hot and all over my crotch.
What do they call spiders in the Middle East? Iraqnids
Why do blind people walk their dogs so much?
My math teacher called me average. How mean!
What did 50 cent say to his grandma when she gave him a scarf for Christmas? Gee, you knit?
I went to the library. I said,"Can I borrow a book about suicide?" The guy said,"We did have one, but we never got it back."
I was in bed with a blind girl and she said that I had the biggest penis she had ever laid her hands on. I said, "You're pulling my leg."
Why do porn stars hate driving? Because people always pull out infront of them.
Did you hear the latest joke about Baltimore? It's a riot
I was walking by a car filled with black people. They locked the door when i came near. I felt like a bad ass until I realized it was my car
An old lady in front of me dropped $20 and I thought, "What would Jesus do?" So I turned it into wine. I bought wine.
What type of blood does a keyboard have? Typo
What did the doctor say to the angry midget? "I'm going to ask you to be a little patient."
What's the difference between being hungry and being horny? Where you put the cucumber.
I'm sick to death of cocaine dealers always sticking their business in other people's noses.
Why were the Paul Walker jokes removed from the Bieber Roast? Paul Walker has already been roasted.
I just finished designing a website for an orphanage. There isn't a home page
Why do Native Americans hate snow? Because it's white and settles on their land.
What do Iron man and Sarah Palin have in common? They both had a little Downey inside of them.
What musical group is Jesus most afraid of? Nine Inch Nails
My roommate's diary says I have boundary issues.
I was involved in a violent mugging this morning. On the plus side I did make $43 and I think the watch looks really good on me.
I told my wife I lost 10 lbs in one hour. "No way. That's impossible!" she said. "Trust me," I said, "I have no idea where our baby is."
What if a butterfly got a tramp stamp of a trashy white girl?
I got fired for sticking my dick in the pickle slicer at work. She got fired too. Sorry for gherkin your chain.
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle? Because his wife is dead.
Why are cars faster than motorcycles? Because motorcycles are two tired.
When I was a kid I thought I had a Chinese friend. It turns out it was just my imaginasian
How many McDonald's workers does it take to change a light bulb? None, because they can't climb the ladder.
Crazy ex-girlfriends are like a box of chocolate. They both kill your dog
"What do cannibals like to eat on St. Patrick's Day? Corn Beef and Cabbage Patch Dolls!"
"How do construction workers remember their tasks? They drill them into their head!"
"What did one lesbian ghost say to the other? I like your booooooobs"
"What is Luke Skywalker's favorite coffee place? Java the hut!"
"Want to hear a joke about jalapeno poppers? Probably not because it's too queso fresco!"
"What did the pervert olive say to the sexy olive? I hope you take olive your clothes off!"
"What did Rick Astley say to his virginity? Never gonna give you up!"
"Why did the fat guy say to the midget? Don't be short with me or I'll eat you!"
"What did the cat say to the dog. You're purrrrfect!"
"Two Mexicans walk into a bar. One of them goes "Dios Mio that bar hurt!"
"Why did the bread cross the road. Because it was yeasty!"
Tomorrow I am going to open the time capsule I buried as a kid. I can't wait to see how big my puppy got.
A priest walks into a hotel and says "I hope the porn is disabled." The front desk guy replies "It's just regular porn you sick fuck."
People always ask 'how do you cope with erectile dysfunction'? Honestly, it's not that hard
I´m at the ATM when a robber holding his gun at my back asks: do you want to see your family again? I said "no". We both had a good laugh.
A dark skinned lady named Betty goes to the butcher and asks for some beef. The butcher replies: "Nooooo Black Betty, ham or lamb!"
I saw a poor old lady fall over today on the sidewalk! At least I presume she was poor - she only had $1.20 in her purse.
My dad was fired from his job in road work for theft. I didn't believe it at first, but when I got home all the signs were there.
Whoever stole my Microsoft Office, I'm coming after you. You have my word
A vulture gets on a plane carrying two dead raccoons. The flight attendant says, "Sorry sir, only one carrion item per passenger."
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing, they fast.
Tell a girl she's beautiful and she'll remember it for days. Tell a girl she's fat and she'll always remember because an elephant never forgets.
Where do atheists donate their money? Non Prophet Organizations
1/3 Of people live next to a pedophile. Not me though, I live next to two really hot ten year old's!
Are you from Ireland? Cause when I look at you my penis is Dublin.
There's a new TV show about a plane hijacking. They just shot the pilot last week.
RIP boiling water. You will be mist.
Why is there no black character in the game "Clue"? Because then it would be called "Solved."
I started carrying a knife after an attempted mugging a few years ago. Since then, my mugging attempts have been a lot more successful.
Did you hear about the Italian chef that died? He pasta way. We cannoli do so much. His legacy will be a pizza history.
Why are gay men always first to check-out of a hotel? They had their shit packed the night before.
Capitalization can really change a sentence. For example:
I love to eat candy.
I love to eat capitalization. 


How does a black woman know she's pregnant? When she pulls out her tampon the cotton's been picked.
You gotta hand it to short people because they can't reach it
When a maple syrup producer sees a maple tree they don't own, do they think "I'd tap that"?
Why are male bathrooms on the left, and female bathrooms on the right? Because women are always right, even when they're full of shit.
Did you hear the one about the three deep holes in the ground? Well? well? well?
I was at the ATM when an old lady came up to me and asked to check her balance so I pushed her over.
Did you ever hear about the Lucky Charms leprechaun's evil twin? He was tragically malicious.
I asked a Chinese girl for her number. She said, "Sex! Sex! Sex! Free Sex tonight!" I said, "Wow!" Her friend said, "She means 666-3629."
What do you do if your baby comes out black? Cook the next one on a lower temperature.
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea? I've never paid $300 bucks to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
Where does a dog go when he loses his tail? A re-tail store
What becomes shorter when you add 2 letters? Short
A falling battery killed a man today. It was charged with murder.
What's the best part about fucking twenty-eight year olds? They're twenty of them.
My black friend asked me if there's a colored printer in the library. I said "Shit man, it's 2015 you can use whatever printer you want!"
My wife was happy when I told her I put a load in the dishwasher until 9 months later when Consuela's baby came out looking just like me!
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear
What's the best part about dating a black girl? Not having to meet the father.
Today I was asked how I view lesbian relationships. Apparently "in HD" wasn't the right answer.
Pedophiles are fucking immature assholes
As I looked into her eyes I felt my knees go weak and my stomach turned to butterflies. That's when I realized I'd drugged the wrong glass.
What was Hitler's favorite video game? Mein Kraft
Why can't pirates finish the alphabet? They get lost at C.
Where do suicide bombers go when they die? Everywhere!
What do u call a hilarious Mexican herb?  Sillyantro
What do you call an airplane that flies backwards? A receding airline
What do you call a stoner with down syndrome? A baked potato.
What do you call a group of confused Spanish speaking racists? The ¿Qué Qué Qué?
I don't know why I broke up with my girl at the gym. I guess we just weren't working out.
I once took a girl to Starbucks because I forgot her name.
What did the French man say when he tripped down the stairs? "Eiffel."
Why do Jihadist Muslims only drink instant coffee? 'Cause they hate the French press
Got fired from the market for being too violent. All I did was put out a sign that said, "take lettuce from top of pile or heads will roll!"
What's 7 inches long and hasn't been sucked in over 2 years? Whitney Houston's crack pipe.
Why are there no casinos in Africa? Too many cheetahs.
What's Bill Clinton's favorite instrument to play? His whore Monica.
What's the difference between a feminist and a computer? You can punch information into a computer.
When I was 6 I got coal from Santa. The next year I decided to get back at him and poison the cookies. The bastard found out and killed my dad
I had such a crap day. First my ex got run over by a bus. Then I got fired from my job as a bus driver.
Where does Walmart keep the Terminator toys? Aisle B, back.
Why are 490 Romans funny? Because XD
My girlfriend left me for an Indian guy. It's okay, I know he's going to treat her well. I heard they worship cows
What do I get when I pour my Root Beer into a square mug? Just Beer.
I broke up with this cross eyed girl. I thought she was seeing someone else.
Why do horses have such a low divorce rate? Because they're all in stable relationships.
I'm not sure what the first church on the moon will look like, but I'm sure the mass will be the same.
I have a bumper sticker that says, "honk if you think I'm sexy". I just sit at green lights until I feel good about myself.
Why are redneck murders the hardest to solve? All the DNA matches and there's no dental records.
What's the difference between Santa Claus and a jew? Santa goes down the chimney
Why does Santa have such a big sack? Because he only comes once a year.
What do Ethiopians get for Christmas? Hungry
Who says love is dead? Necrophiliacs
I'm making a TV series about a plane hijacking. We just shot the pilot.
Did Jesus ever get drunk? Not sure, but I heard he got hammered once.
I accidentally gave my girlfriend a glue stick instead of chapstick. She's still not talking to me.
What do they call Peter Pan in China? Peter Wok
I tried uploading my sex tape to PornHub. They told me to try Vine.
During my prostate exam I asked the doctor, "where should I put my pants"? "Over there by mine", was not the answer I was expecting.
Why can't Jesus eat a cheeseburger? Because he's dead.
Once I had a machine that made counterfeit pennies. I regret it now, but it made a lot of cents at the time.
How many people in denial does it take to change a light bulb? There is nothing wrong with the light bulb!
Why did the riot police show up early to the protest? They wanted to beat the crowd.
Somebody drilled a hole in the fence around the nudist colony. Police are looking into it.
Gay jokes aren't funny. Come on guys!
How can you tell my parents are abusive? Beats me
What do you call Dracula's retarded cousin? Countdown
Two consonants and a vowel go into a bar
What did Barack Obama say when he dropped his shell at the beach? Oh no Michelle!
I've been fired from work for putting in too many shifts. Keyboard manufacturing isn't as easy as you think.
The Nintendo 64 turned 18 last month, which means you can now legally blow the cartridges
Why is the camel called the ship of the desert? Because its full of Arab semen
A Zen student asked his master, "Is it OK to use email?" "Yes," replied the master, "But no attachments."
Why is Darth Vader so famous? He was the first black man to admit he is the father. 
What did Santa say to the hooker? "Fuck the chimney, I'm cumming down her throat!"
What does a Russian woman say to stop her husband from abusing her? Vladislov, baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more..
My ex-wife still misses me, but her aim is getting better!
I used to date a girl with one leg who worked at a brewery. She was in charge of the hops.
Why didn't Sean Connery get his roof fixed? He said he "couldn't find a shingle person to do it."
A book fell on Sean Connery's head. He replies "I only have my shelf to blame".
When does Sean Connery show up to Wimbeldon? About tennish
Sean Connery found his niche. She was in the garden playing with his nephew.
Where does Sean Connery shit? On any chair he finds.
How does Sean Connery shave? Ctrl+S
My doctor told me to eat more Taco Bell today. Technically he said, 'Less McDonald's' but I'm pretty sure I knew what he meant.
Whats the difference between acne and a priest? Acne waits until a boy's 14 to come on his face.
Why did the blonde tiptoe past the medicine cabinet? She didn't want to wake the sleeping pills.
Why didn't the skeleton show up to the party? He had no guts.
Why doesn't Superman need a boss? He already has supervision.
My wife is "like a plunger" when she gets drunk. She likes to bring up old shit.
What do ISIS and Little Miss Muffet have in common? They both have kurds in their way
What is al-queda's favorite football team? The New York Jets.
What's the difference between Sara Palin's mouth and her vagina? Only one retarded thing came out of her vagina.
What's better than seeing a woman wrestle? Seeing her box.
What's the the key to telling an ISIS joke? The execution.
Did you hear about the time Stevie Wonder got a cheese grater for Christmas? He said it was the most violent book he'd ever read.
Girl are you sitting on an F5 key? Cause that ass is refreshing.
What do you call immigrants to Sweden? Artificial Swedeners
Why was Han Solo so suspicious when he put his penis inside Princess Leia for the first time? Because it was Luke warm.
What did the pirate do after his parrot bit off his genitals? He got a woodpecker.
Did you hear about the Leper going for the masturbation world record? Eventually he pulled it off!
Have you heard my joke about the Ebola outbreak yet? Eh... Nevermind. You probably won't get it.
Accordion to a recent survey, replacing words with the names of musical instruments in a sentence often goes undetected.
What do you call a soldier who has been mustard gassed and pepper sprayed?  A seasoned veteran
Hickory Dickory Dock. Two mice ran up the clock. The clock struck one and the other got through with only minor injuries.
I heard Alabama changed the drinking age to 32. They wanted to keep alcohol out of the high schools.
Maybe I'm just ignorant. I don't know.
What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea? I've never begged to have a lentil on my face.
I have an EpiPen. My friend gave it to me as he was dying. It seemed very important to him that I have it.
My name is David and I had my ID stolen the other day. Now they just call me Dav.
You are all too mean to fat people. You guys really need to lay off. They already have enough on their plates.
"Dad I don't want a puppy!" "Young Man, you'll eat what you're given in this house."
My psychiatrist says I have revenge issues. I'll show him.
Did you hear? Sting was kidnapped! The Police still have no lead.
If you ever get in a knife fight with a group of clowns, go for the juggler
You know what I find odd? Numbers that aren't divisible by 2.
My girlfriend is weird, she always starts conversations with, "Are you even listening to me!"
Why do bad farmers make good DJs? Because they've got sick beets!
Where are average things manufactured? The satisfactory.
My Dad died recently, but unfortunately I slept in and missed the funeral. I guess I'm not a mourning person
Why aren't Mexicans ever indecisive? Because if they're on the fence too long they get caught.
Someone told me I'm condescending. That means I talk down to people.
I had a bukkake party last night. It was a disaster. Nobody came.
How many light bulbs does it take to change a light bulb? Two. The light bulb you remove and the light bulb you replace it with.
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire? My pad or yours.
How does a pregnant mermaid give birth? Sea-section
Why are aspirins white? Because they work
Did you hear about the limo driver who was in business for 25 years without a single customer? All that time and nothing to chauffeur it.
I put deodorant on only one armpit. I don't smell half bad.
Why is twelve an unfair number? Because it's two against one.
I was in Ferguson, got jumped by 5 black guys. It started right up, they said I just need to replace the battery.
How can you tell that the little mermaid is on her period? She's followed by sharks.
Did you hear a Payless Shoe Source got looted in Ferguson? The only thing left were the work boots.
Did you hear about the pizza boy who wanted to become a comedian? His jokes were cheesy, but his delivery was amazing!
Ever hear of the Tempura House? It's a home for lightly battered women.
What do you call a pile of cats?  A MEOWTAIN.
Did you hear the one about the wooden car? With the wooden wheels? And the wooden engine? It wooden work
Did you hear about the goth kid with dyslexia? He sold his soul to Santa.
Whats the worst thing about manufacturing tabletops? It's counterproductive
A donkey had an IQ of 186. He had no friends at all though. because nobody likes a smart-ass.
Say, Ernie, want some Ice Cream? Sherbert
What do you call two ants that run away to get married? Antelopes
How did the astronaut break up with his girlfriend? "I just need some space."
What did the little Iraqi girl tell her father after he bought her a new backpack? Thanks for the Baghdad.
Why did Dave Grohl buy such a tall house? He wanted to make sure he was getting the best, the best, the best, the best-a view.
The vet told me "I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to put your dog down." I said. "WHY?!" Vet said: "Because my arms are getting tired."
How did Jesus get his abs? Cross Fit.
What kind of car does Jesus drive? A Christler
What do you call a Mexican bodybuilder without a protein shake? No whey José
Why didn't the feminist get a job at the post office? Because she refused to work in a mail dominated industry.
What do you call a hot chick in Boston? A tourist
Why can't atheists solve exponential problems? Because they don't believe in higher powers.
A duck walks into the pharmacy to buy some chapstick and says "just put it on my bill"
Why is an executioner a terrible high-fiver? They always leave you hanging
What do you call an abortion in Prague? A canceled Czech.
How do Malaysian airlines serve all their drinks? On the rocks
My telescope broke the other day and I was hoping the local observatory could repair it. They said they'd look into it.
What did the man on the 100 MPH escalator say? "Well that escalated quickly" 
Say what you will about Jerry Sandusky but he was a damn good coach. He could turn a tight end into a wide receiver in no time.
Why don't jews eat pussy? It's too close to the gas chamber
Why do bulimics like KFC? It comes with a free bucket.
Why did the CIA torture the Russian wasp?  Because he was a cagey bee agent.
I heard a swimmer shout "Help shark help!!" I just laughed. I knew the shark wasn't going to help him!
I hate it when my neighbor's kids cry at night. Maybe I should give them back.
What's the difference between an Indian and an asshole? One smells like shit and the other is an asshole.
Why are domestic violence jokes funny? They always have great punchlines
What has five teeth and an I.Q. of three? The front row of a Willie Nelson concert.
Did you hear about the Ethiopian Vs. US soccer game? USA: 8 Ethiopia: Didn't.
How does a lawyer go to sleep? First he lies on one side, then the other
How do Ethiopians celebrate their kids first birthday? By putting flowers on their grave.
What's the difference between England and a tea bag? A tea bag stays in the cup longer!
Jesus Christ fed 2,000 people with 5 loaves of bread and 2 fish. Adolf Hitler made 6 million Jews toast.
I have a joke about pizza and a broken pencil. Unfortunately it's cheesy and pointless
Why is Jesus bad at crossword puzzles? Because he gets stuck on across and can't get down either
What do ducks smoke? Qwack
How do you find a blind man on a nude beach? It is not hard.
Did you hear about the new Mike Tyson computer? It has two bytes and no memory
How did the hillbilly find his sister in the woods? Attractive.
Why did the old man hate living next to the tennis courts? He couldn't stand all the racket
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer? Put it in the oven until its bill withers.
How do you drown a hipster? In the main stream
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? They are really good at it.
What country does fried fish swim in? Greece
When I asked my friend how he's doing, he said "man, I'm just happy to be breathing". I told him he should have bigger aspirations.
What did the bad soccer announcer get for Christmas? COOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What do you call it when you open a soda for a buddy who is in outer space? An astrofizzassist.
What does every Pirate bachelor hate? A small chest with no booty.
What's the heaviest soup in Asia? Wonton soup. 
What did the gay man say to his cheating boyfriend? I see you already have your shit packed, now get out!
So this black guys stopped me on the subway and asked "did the Yankees win?" I said "Yes, it's ok, you're free now"
What do you call a nose with no body? Nobody nose. 
In what Californian city can you find waffles buried at the beach? Sandy Eggo.
A despondent Notorious B.I.G sits an empty suitcase on his bed and sighs. "I love going on vacation but I hate Tupac."
What do you call a monkey in a minefield? A baboom.
Why do teenage girls hang out in odd-numbered groups? Because they can't even.
How many ants are needed to fill an apartment? Ten-ants 
Yo Mamma so fat I took a picture of her last Christmas and its still printing.
When do Jews go swimming? When it Israeli hot 
What's the best thing about fingering a gypsy on her period? You get your palm red for free.
How's an online college degree like a small pizza? Neither feeds a family of four.
Can Mississippi wear Delaware's New Jersey? I don't know but Alaska
What do you call a hooker who likes noodles? A Pastatute
What do you call a Mexican who's car got stolen? Carlos
How do you know you let a hippie stay at your house? He's still there.
What happened when the reporter fell into the water? She became an anchor
How can a room full of couples be empty? There isn't a single person left. 
What do you call an invisible mom that got a sex change. Transparent
Did you hear about the Mexican train hijacker? They say he had loco motives.
I combined all of the watches I own into a belt. It was a complete waste of time. 
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball? she choked.
What do you call it when a chameleon won't change colors? A reptile dysfunction
Why did the banker eat lunch by himself? Because he was a loaner.
Wife: Why are you home so early?

Husband: My boss told me to go to hell.
What do you call a Frenchman that's been attacked by a bear? Claude 
Why couldn't the candle get any sleep? Because there's no rest for the wicked. 
How do you get 30 drunk Canadians out of the pool. "Please get out of the pool".
Women are like hurricanes. First they blow you and then you lose your house.
Why is the alcoholic law student sad? Because he couldn't pass the bar.
What do you call a drummer that just broke up with his girlfriend? Homeless.
What do cannibals eat to freshen their breath? Men toes.
What do you call two chess enthusiasts bragging in a lobby? Chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
How do you tell if someone's balls are sensitive? Give them a test-tickle
What happened when the orange slept with the dirty lemon? It got lemonaids
What's the difference between an Irish wedding and Irish funeral? One less drunk.
How are synagogues like lemons?  They're full of acidic juice.
What do you call a person who delivers Indian food? Currier.
What's the difference between the lavatory and the cemetery? No difference - when you gotta go, you gotta go!
What do you call a gay man milking a cow? A Dairy Queen.
What's the difference between a hamburger and a prostitute? A hamburger is better with cheese.
Why did the Native American sleep in the hotel lobby? He didn't have a reservation.
What did one math book say to the other? Man, I have problems. 
Why does Waldo wear stripes? Because he doesn't want to be spotted
What do you call a Blonde doing a handstand? A Brunette with bad breath.
What's a pirates favorite thing to knit? Scaaaaaarrves 
What's the difference between a cactus and a school bus? Cactus has little pricks on the outside
What gym equipment does Jesus use? A cross trainer
What's the Difference between NHL Players and the Jersey Shore Girls? NHL Players shower after three periods.
Why don't baseball players get much action? Because they have foul balls.
When can't a pen write out a check? When it's broke. 
You know I can see 6 years into the future? I have 2020 vision.
What's the difference between Jews and Christians? Jews get really angry, but Christians just get a little cross.
What do you call sunscreen in Ireland? Pubs
I heard a bunch of Japanese people chanting "We want rights! We want rights!" They must be scared of the dark or something.
What is a stalker's favorite part of a hospital? The I C U
Did you hear about the bastard frog? It was a tad unexpected. 
A horse walks into a bar and the bartender asks, "why the long face?" The horse, unable to understand English, shits on the floor and leaves.
Simba: Dad, what's the Super Bowl? Mufasa: No idea, we're lions.
Did you hear about the hard of hearing Mexican racist? He tried to join the que que que.
What do you call an Amish guy with his hand up a horse's ass? A mechanic
What does a donkey proctologist do? Assesses ass' asses.
Why was the computer tired when it got home? It was running all day. 
What does a Gynecologist and a Pizza Boy have in common? They can smell it but they can't eat it
What is yellow and lives off dead Beatles? Yoko Ono
What do aliens use for currency? Starbucks 
A police officer came up to me yesterday and said, "Where were you between four and six?" I said, "Kindergarten."
Why should you never date a tennis player? cause love means nothing to them.
Why did the sailor ground his son? His grades were below C level
What rock group has four men that don't sing? Mount rushmore
What do you call a Mexican who likes little kids? A Pedro phile
Why did Jesus drop out of the carpentry business? He got too attached to his work.
What do you call a closet full of lesbians? A lick her cabinet.
What's every movie critic's favorite cooking ingredient? Michael Bay Leaves. 
Why was the mathematician late for work? He took the rhombus. 
Why did the painting go to jail? It was framed. 
How do you make an octopus laugh? You give it ten tickles.
What do you call it when a DJ gets a blowjob while he's on the air? Radiohead
If you watch Jeopardy backwards it becomes a show where people pay money to ask questions.
Why did the blind fly starve to death? Because he couldn't see shit.
Why did the Eskimos have to stop partying? Because they ran out of Natural Light
Don't fart in the apple store. They don't have Windows
What was the victim of the car crash wearing? A Casual-Tee
What happened to the stressed out redhead? He ginger snapped
What is Kanye West's favourite kind of omelette? Omeletteyoufinish
How often did the asian cow go to the gym? Dairy
Why did the ghost go into the elevator? To lift his spirits. 
What do you call a cow jumping over a barbed wire fence? An udder disaster. 
Did you hear about the guy who mixed Viagra and laxatives? He didn't know if he was coming or going.
Why did the cannibal have an upset stomach? He ate someone who disagreed with him.
Why did President Kennedy never get drunk? He wasn't very good at taking shots.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Nevermind, it's tearable!  
A boy w/ diarrhea tells his Mom he needs Viagra. She asks "Why do u need that" He says "That's what u give Dad when his shit won't get hard"
Why can't ghosts make babies? They have hollow weenies!
I saw a cop pull over a U Haul today. Looks like he was trying to bust a move.
What happened to the fly that sat on the toilet seat? He got pissed off.
What do you get when you cross a genius with a hooker? A fucking know it all!
I'm sick and tired of people soaking my floor with their wet umbrellas when they come over to visit. I think it's time to make a stand.
Why has the pope never won a gold medal?  Because he always came in a little behind.
What did one unemployed cancer cell say to the other? Lets get Jobs!
What does diarrhea and a bar fight have in common? Blood on your stool.
How do you fix a broken jack-o-lantern? With a pumpkin patch 
Have you ever seen the inside of an ac compressor? It's really cool. 
How do you keep men on their toes? Raise the urinals
Why did Tony the Tiger go to prison? RRRrrrrrrrrrrrape!
Who's the world's most famous blacksmith? Will Smith
What do cannibals like to drink in the morning? Bloody Mary
How do you get down off an elephant? You don't. You get down off a goose.  
Why did the 14 year old Mexican girl end up pregnant? Because her teacher told her to go do an essay.
What does seven days without exercise make? One weak 
Why did the introduction and the conclusion break up? Because they were never on the same page
Asked Siri. "Surely it's not going to rain today?" She said, "it is, and dont call me Shirley". Forgot to take my phone off Airplane mode.
What do you call a mathematician at the beach? A tan gent.
What did the Mexican say when he was upset? I don't want to taco bout it because it's nacho business. 
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say when asked to join a classical music costume contest?  "I'll be Bach"
Why does Ariel from the Little Mermaid wear seashells? Because the B-shells won't fit.
Why don't U2's lawyers ever make any money? All their work is pro Bono.
Why did the flattened can of Coke want to off itself? Because it was soda pressed!
Did you hear about the guy who won the anal sex competition? He actually came in the #2 spot.
What did the writer say when he glued himself to his book? That's my story and I'm sticking to it. 
What do you call it when batman skips church? Christian Bale.
I phoned in sick today. Boss: "Exactly how sick are you?" Me: "Well, I'm in bed with my 12 year old niece."
I broke into a shoe store and tied the laces together on all the womens' shoes. Bitches be trippin.
Did you hear about the girl who was dating the guy with the wooden leg? She broke it off 
9/11 jokes are just plane wrong.
Got fired today because I was caught masturbating with a vegetable. Nursing homes have strict rules about what you can do with patients.
What do you call an angry German? A sour kraut.
How do you kill a circus? Go straight for the juggler
Why are New Yorkers so depressed? Because the light at the end of the tunnel is New Jersey
Why should Steve Irwin have put on sunscreen? To protect himself from the harmful rays.
How do you feel when there's no more coffee? Depresso 
Why did the chef add extra oregano to the sauce? He was making up for lost thyme.  
How are peanut butter and jelly related? They're inbred
I decided to put laxatives in my weed brownies just for shits and giggles
What's Whitney Houston's favourite type of co-ordination? HAND-EEEEEYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEE
Did you hear about the rabbi who had to circumcise elephants? The pay was terrible but the tips were huge!
Why do Mexicans never cross the border in groups of 3? Because the sign says no tres-passing. 
You know what gets me down? An extra chromosome
Where do naughty rays of light go? Prism 
A guy sticks his head in the barber shop and asks how long till he can get a haircut. The barber replies, "About another half inch." 
If a stork brings white babies, and a blackbird black babies, what bird brings no babies? A Swallow.
My new thesaurus is terrible. It's also terrible.
They say shoe size is directly related to penis size. That makes the fear of clowns even worse
Why couldn't anyone hear Helen Keller scream? She was wearing mittens.
What do you call a boat that gives fresh breath? A Shipmint! 
Why did the Irish call their currency the "Punt"? Because it rhymes with Bank Manager
Why are gay men so great at fashion? They've spent so much time in the closet.
Which U.S. state abbreviation is the best? I'm not sure, but Oklahoma's is OK. 
Why did the blonde snort splenda? She thought it was diet coke. 
When can women make you a millionaire? When you're a billionaire.
Why are there only 239 beans in Irish stew? Because one more, and it'd be too farty.
What does a toilet, a clitoris, and an anniversary have in common? Men usually miss all three.
How can you tell if Asians have broken into your house? The dog is gone, the homework is done, and they're still trying to leave your driveway
What does a guy with two right feet wear to the beach? Flop-flops. 
What's the square root of 69? Eight something.
How can you spot the prostitute at the Miss America pageant? She's wearing a sash that says Idaho.
What's the definition of a will? Come on, guys. The answer's a dead giveaway. 
My friend keeps telling me to stop impersonating butter. I can't, I'm on a roll now. 
What did the Jewish pedophile say? "Would you like to buy some candy"
Sorry for the lack of updates. Will continue in the next couple of days
Why doesn't Spiderman like rice? It reminds him of Uncle Ben.
Why did the book get stitches? Because he had his appendix removed. 
What did the DJ order from the deli? A club sandwich with extra beets.
Where do hippos go to school? The Hippocampus 
Why was the blonde upset when she got her Drivers License? Because she got an F in sex.
How do you blindfold an Asian woman? Put a windshield in front of her.
Most of my family has diarrhea. It runs in our jeans
Did you hear about the photographer that got locked in his darkroom? He died of exposure. It was not a pretty picture.
What do you call a gay drive-by? A fruit roll-up
Why are there no Irish lawyers? They can't pass the bar.
Did I ever post my Alzheimer's joke? I don't remember
How does the man on the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.  
Got slapped by a girl for asking "Do you spit or swallow?" I thought this was a reasonable question since we were at a wine tasting session
What is Tom Hanks' wireless password? 1forrest1
What sexual position creates the ugliest kids? Ask your parents. 
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable. You give him AIDS
Did you hear about the murder mystery porno? In the end, everyone did it.
My friends think I'm too indecisive. I don't know what to think of that
Breasts are like beer. Men may state a preference, but we'll take whatever's on tap.
Why was the leper hockey game canceled? There was a face-off in the corner.
What did Sean Connery say when a book fell on his head? "I have only my shelf to blame"
I saw a midget prisoner climbing down a wall. As he turned and sneered at me, I thought: 'that's a little condescending'.
What do you call a little Mexican? A paragraph, because he's not quite an essay.
What doesn't belong? Lobster, crab, tuna, or a Chinese man run over by a bus? Tuna. All others are crustaceans
Where do senior citizens often go to the restroom? Depends
What do you call a poor Italian neighborhood? A speghetto. 
Did you hear about the Mexican train killer? He had loco motives
Why did the Dalai Lama visit Las Vegas? Tibet 
I saw this wino lying in a gutter eating grapes, I was like, "bro, you have to wait."
Why did they have to cancel the volleyball games in the special olympics? It wasn't going over too well.
Why did the female dog have trouble getting a gun after the background check law passed? Cuz Bitches be crazy.
Why did the French chef quit working at the haunted restaurant? He got crêped out. 
The man who invented the "VELCRO" died today. RIP.
Why did Isaac Newton's son know so much about gravity? The apple didn't fall far from the tree.
What did Jay-Z call his girlfriend before getting married? Feyoncè
Why did the traffic light turn red? You'd turn red too if you had to change in the street. 
How many divorced men does it take to change a light bulb? Who cares? They never get the house anyway. 
What's the best dating service in India? Connect the dots.
Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? Because he might get a hole in one. 
Where do Bees use the bathroom? At the BP station. 
What do you call a deaf man with no limbs? Whatever you want.
Why did the homeless man vote for Obama? Because he promised change.
What did the woman say to the vampire when she woke up with her period? " I made you breakfast in bed!"
What's long, black, and dangerous to cut? The line at KFC.
Hear the one about the miscarriage? I overheard it yesterday. The joke was funny but the delivery was all wrong
Why did the minus sign run for office? To make a difference. 
At my job I realized that some ass was giving names to all of the food in the refrigerator. Today I had a tuna sandwich named 'Bob'.
What does a perverted frog say? Rubbit.
hy was the guitar teacher arrested? For fingering A minor.
Did you hear about the guy with the invisible penis? He came out of nowhere.
What music do chickens listen to? Bach
What do you call a girl that raps about women rights? Feminem. 
Do Asian midgets take photos on their iPad Minis?
What's the difference between a woman in church and a woman in the bath? One has hope in her soul..
Why was the mentally challenged midget crying? He was a little down.
What do an alcoholic and a necrophile have in common? They both like to crack open a cold one.
What do you call a potato wearing glasses? A spectator. 
What do you call a cow with a twitch? Beef jerky
What do trees take when they have a headache? Aleve. 
What do fat chicks and brick walls have in common? They both get laid by Mexicans.
What do a pimp and a redneck have in common? They both know how to throw a good hoe down.
It makes sense why women hate premature ejaculation so much. Our whole lives we're taught that nothing worth having comes easy.
What did the debater say after getting stabbed during an argument? Good point
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off.
What's the difference between a hockey player and a hippy chick? A hockey player showers after 3 periods.
What did the blonde say when her doctor told her that she was pregnant? "Is it mine"?
Why did the blonde starve to death? Her new phone came with a little packet in the box that said, "Do not eat."
How do you know that your wife is dead? The sex is the same, but the dishes are piling up.
What do you get when you run over a goose? Goose bumps.
New health study on the psychology of midgets shows that 6 out of 7 dwarfs aren't happy
If you are an American in the living room, what are you in the bathroom? European
What do you call a rich Chinese person? Cha Ching
Why didn't Mr. Clean's wife ever get pregnant? He comes in a bottle.
Did you know 80% of Chinese have cataracts? The other 20% drive Rincolns.
What do fat women get for Valentine's day? Depressed.
Why do you never buy a woman a watch? Because there's a clock on the stove.
Why don't Mexicans cross the border in groups of three? Because it says "No Trespassing".
What does a necrophiliac get at a funeral? Mourning wood
Why don't they have gambling in Africa? There are too many cheetahs.
What did the judge order in his whiskey? Just ice
What do you call an obese psychic? A four chin teller.
I wanted to have sex with my girlfriend, but she was on her period. So I had to pull some strings.
What does a clock do when it gets hungry? It goes back four seconds. 
What do you guys think of message boards? I'm all forum. 
I was at a wedding the other day. It was so moving, even the cake was in tiers. 
Hear about the cross-eyed teacher? She just couldn't control her pupils.
Did you hear about the man who enjoyed having sex with fruit? Some people say he's not too weird, but I still think he's fucking bananas.
How do you pick up a smokin' hot Jewish girl? Broom and a Dustpan.
I organized a threesome last night. There were a couple of no-shows, but I still had a great time.
Why did Mr. Grape leave Mrs. Grape? He was tired of raisin kids. 
Why did the banker dump his girlfriend? He lost interest. 
What do you call a row of rabbits walking backwards? A receding hare line. 
What animal has two gray feet and two brown feet? An elephant with diarrhea.
Why don't Jewish cannibals like eating Germans? They give them gas.
Did you hear about the women who got wooden breast implants? A punchline would be funny here, Wooden Tit?
Why did the snowman take his pants off? He heard the snow blower was coming.
Why don't Italians like Jehovah's Witnesses? Italians don't like any witnesses..
How do you invite a Native Alaskan to your home? You Eskimover. 
Why do you never tease a fat girl with lisp? Because she's thick and tired of it.
How do you make a woman blind? Put a windshield in front of her.
Why did the chicken go to KFC? To see a chicken strip.
How does a dog catcher get paid? By the pound.
Why can't you trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
What did Earth say to the other planets? Wow, you guys have no life.
I accidentally swallowed some scrabble tiles. My next dump could spell disaster
A painter billed me $0 after finishing painting my house. I asked, why $0? He said: "don't worry about the paint, it's on the house."
What concert costs 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickleback.
What does an angry pepper do? It gets jalepeño face. 
I had a dog with no legs. I named him cigarette so I could take him for a drag.
What did the melon tell her boyfriend when he proposed? Yes but we cantaloupe. 
Why was the orphan so successful? When they told him "go big or go home", he only had one option.
Why are hipsters such great assassins? Because they hide the bodies in places no one has ever heard of.
Whats the difference between you and a calendar? A calendar has dates.
What's the difference between a porcupine and a Hummer? The porcupine has the pricks on the outside.
How do you circumcise a redneck? Kick his sister in the jaw.
Did you see the Broadway musical about the dictionary? It's a play on words. 
What do you do with 365 used condoms? ll them up into a tire and call it a Goodyear
What do you call it when a girl wipes back to front? A Choco-Taco
What do you call a black man selling drugs? A pharmacist, you racist.
How do you make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles 
How do you turn a Fox into an Elephant? Marry her.
How many Vietnam veterans does it take to change a lightbulb? YOU DON'T KNOW MAN, YOU WEREN'T THERE!
There are 2 ducks. One duck pulls his pants down. What does the other duck see? His but-quack.
Have you heard about the Italian chef? He pasta way 
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say about the baritone? It's not a tuba.
What do tight pants and a cheap hotel have in common? No ballroom.
Did you know drinking beer makes you smart? It made Bud wiser.
What do you call a bunch of high Mexicans? Baked Beans
What's the difference between light and hard? You can sleep with a light on
How do you make a woman angry and sick at the same time? Cholera, bitch.
Did you hear about the Native American who drank 1000 glasses of tea? He drowned in his tea pee.
Why don't chickens wear undies? Because their peckers are on their faces.
Why does the hipster make crappy coffee? The beans are always under-ground.
What do fat girls and bricks have in common? They both get laid by Mexicans.
What do you call a food that turns black people on? An afro-disiac.
I got fired from my job at Pepsi..I tested positive for Coke.
What does a redneck and yeast have in common? They are both in-bread. 
At what point does a Lamb become a Sheep? When its had it's Baaaaa-Mitzvah! 
Why was the little ink blot so unhappy? Because his mother was in the pen, and they didn't know how long the sentence would be. 
What do skid marks on the toilet bowl and girlfriends have in common? They're both easy to piss off.
Did you hear about the testicular cancer survivor who won the lottery? When he found out, the guy went nut.
Why did Pee Wee Herman win the annual bass fishing contest? Experts say it's because he was a master baiter.
Have you heard the one about the baby with AIDS? It never gets old.
What did the wall say when a fish ran into it? Dumb Bass 
What's the difference between an outlaw and an in- law? Outlaws are wanted. 
What do you call twin policemen? Copies. 
What did the bartender say when oxygen, hydrogen, sulfur, sodium, and phosphorous walked into his bar? OH SNaP!
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office. I will find you. You have my Word. 
If Al Gore tried his hand as a musician, his album would be called Algorithms.
What do you call a cow's mate? Its significant udder. 
Have you guys heard about the new restaurant on the moon? Early critics say the food is good, but there's no atmosphere.
Have you guys heard the story about the butter? You know what, never mind. I don't want to spread it around. 
How many men does it take to open a beer? None. It should be opened by the time she brings it.
What do you call a Mexican with no car? Joaquin.
Did you hear about the Muslim Party? It was a blast.
Did you hear about the old chameleon that couldn't change color? He had a reptile dysfunction. 
What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed? Oh sheet!
What did the baby corn say to momma corn? Where is popcorn. 
What do you get when you have 50 female pigs and 50 male deer? One hundred sowsand bucks 
Did you hear about the new "emo" grass? People love it because it cuts itself.
What does the highest paid WNBA player make? Sandwiches.
What did Jeffrey Dahmer sing as he went to the refrigerator? My Bologna had a first name.
What do you call a vegetarian crocodile in Egypt? a Croc-in-de-Nile.
Whats the difference between a fish and a piano? You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish!
What do you call a dead Mexican? Dearly deported.
Why doesn't Smokey the Bear have any children? Because every time his wife gets hot he beats her with a shovel.
What is the difference between a Mercedes and a Lexus? Princess Diana wouldn't be caught dead in a Lexus
What's the difference between iron-man and iron woman? One is a superhero and the other is a command.
As i handed my mom her 60th birthday card today she said "One would've been enough". 
Why can't Michael Jackson play chess? Because he doesn't know if he's black or white.
What happened to the two ants who got into a fight on a toilet seat? They got pissed off. 
How can you tell the Indians were here in America first? They had reservations.
Why is it important to have plenty of help when changing a light bulb? Many hands make light work.
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because seven was a six offender.
What do sea monsters like to eat? Fish and ships
What did one stoplight say to the other stoplight? Don't look! I'm changing!
Why is Bon Jovi's bed always messy? Because he doesn't think it matters if you make it or not.
What does the Chicago Cubs' name stand for? Completely Useless By September.
Called my boss, what's the different between work and your daughter. I will not be coming into work today.
Why should honeymoons only last six days? Because seven days makes a hole weak.
Did you hear about the apartment building that got blown up? Roomers were flying around.
I just found out my girlfriend has 50,000 bees. I think she's a keeper.
What do my son and wine have in common? They're both white, two years old, and in a box in my refrigerator.
"One man's trash is another man's treasure" is a great saying, but a terrible way to tell your kids that they're adopted.
I bet my butcher $50 that he couldn't reach the meat on the top shelf. He said "No, the steaks are too high".
Why did the guy have Ben Franklin tattooed on his penis? His girlfriend was great at blowing 100 bucks.
What's the biggest advantage of living in Switzerland? Well the flag's a big plus.
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair? Holy Roller
How does a Lead Guitar player change a light bulb? He doesn't, he just steals someone else's light!
What do you call a Mexican Midget? A paragraph, because they're too short to be an essay.
Why didn't the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe!
Why don't robot chickens play basketball? Too many technical fowls 
What can be found in a Judge's freezer? Just ice.
How many SEO experts does it take to change a lightbulb? lightbulbs buy light bulbs neon lights sex porn
What might a farmer put on his resume? Works well with udders. 
What did the fish say when he swam into a wall? Dam
What's a Jewish dilemma? Free Ham.
How do color blind people see porn? In fifty shades of gray. 
Did you hear about the new farmers dating site? It's full of hoes.
What do you see when you drop a piano down a mineshaft? A flat minor.
How are Bungee jumping and visiting a prostitute alike? If the rubber breaks, you're dead.
I broke up with a Japanese girl last week. I had to drop the bomb twice before she got the message.
How do you get a fat girl into bed? Piece of cake.
What happens when Batman sees Catwoman? The Dark Knight Rises.
What do you call a lesbian Eskimo? A Klondike
Why do Jewish men get circumcised? Because Jewish women can't resist anything 25% off.
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeve? Christopher Walken. 
Have you heard of the corduroy pillow? Its making headlines.
I'm always afraid my wife will leave me for a midget because he under stands.
Why did the Mexican girl get pregnant? Her teacher told her to go home and do an essay
Did you hear that David Copperfield has aids now? Yea, he was doing Magic.
Why did the chicken kill itself? To get to the other side.
Why was the baseball team hot? It didn't have any fans 
What does a shopping cart and a wheelchair have in common? They both can be used to carry vegetables. 
Why did the hipster go kayaking in a tributary? Rivers are too mainstream. 
How do we know the toothbrush was invented in Alabama? If it had been invented anywhere else, it would be called a teethbrush. 
What's a pirate's favorite letter? You'd think it would be the arrr but it's really the sea.
Did you know that trampolines used to actually be called jumpolines? That is, until 1982 when your mom got on one. 
Why do scuba divers fall backwards out of boats? If they fell forwards they would still be in the boat. 
What did sushi A say to sushi B? WASSA-B!
Why don't North Koreans go to heaven? Because they have no Seoul
How do you know that adam and eve were white? have you ever tried taking a rib from a black man.
How do you get a nun pregnant? Dress her like an alter boy.
What's the worst thing your wife can say during sex? Honey I'm home
Does a rabbi charge a lot for circumcisions? No. He just keeps the tips.
What's the cheapest kind of meat? Deer balls, They're under a buck!
Why did the hippie drown? Because he was too far out, man.
Why are Native Americans the most successful strippers? Because when they dance, they make it rain.
Did you hear, there's no more ice in Poland? The old lady with the recipe died
What's black and screams? Stevie Wonder answering the iron. 
What's the difference between a refrigerator and a gay guy? The refrigerator doesn't fart when you take the meat out.
What do the Starship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common? They both circle Uranus looking for Klingons.
How many therapists does it take to change a light bulb? Just one, but the light bulb has to want to change
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11? You can't milk a cow for a decade straight.
How do you get an 80-year-old woman to yell, "Fuck"? You get another 80-year-old woman right next to her to yell, "Bingo!"
What do you call water that bounces? Spring water. 
How does a Jewish mother change a light bulb? "No, that's all right. I'll just sit here in the dark."
What's the worst part about locking your keys in your car in front of an abortion clinic? Going in and asking for a coat hanger.
What has 12 hands, 12 legs, and 12 eyes? 12 pirates. 
A Rabbi and a Priest are walking in the park when they see a little boy. Priest: "Hey let's go screw that little boy" Rabbi: "Out of what?"
Why can't a Tyrannosaurus Rex clap? Because they're dead.
How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb? Only two, but they have to be really small.
How many ears does Spock have? Three: A right ear A left ear A final frontear. 
What did one saggy boob say to the other? We better get some support or people are gunna think we're nuts.
What did the scarf say to the hat? You go on ahead. I'll hang around
What did Mr.T say when he saw a fat lady at the bar? I pity the stool!
What did the Italian say when the eel swam by? That's a Moray.
Did you hear about how the Police were called to a daycare yesterday? A three-year-old was resisting a rest
Why can't Barbie get pregnant? Because Ken comes in a different box.
What does it take to please an Amish woman? Two Mennonite.
How do you stop millions of children from going to bed hungry every night? Take away their beds
What's the difference between an arts student and a table? A table can support itself 
What is Michael Jackson's favorite note? F minor. 
What does R. Kelly say when he's mad at his kid? Urine trouble. 
Did you hear about the man who survived mustard gas and pepper spray? They say that he's a seasoned veteran.
What do you call a hot dog with a sweater? A chili dog 
Do zombies eat popcorn with their fingers? No, they eat the fingers separately.
Why is it always a good idea to pack asparagus when you go camping? In case your other agus breaks. 
What do you call a psychic midget who has escaped from prison? A small medium at large 
What did the elephant say to the naked man? "How do you breath through something so small?" 
You hear about the two guys that stole a calendar? They each got six months.
What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick
How many 11s does it take to change a lightbulb? 9. 9 11 changed everything.
What's the definition of endless love? Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder playing tennis
Why doesn't Smokey the bear have any kids? Every time his wife gets hot, he smacks her with a shovel.
Why do so many American kids die in school shootings? They're not allowed to run in the halls.
Who's Kony's favorite rapper? Soulja Boy.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang up the picture.
What's a pedophile's favorite part of a hockey game? Before the first period.
Did you hear the one about the streaker who ran naked through a church? The priest caught him by the organ.
How many telemarketers does it take to change a lightbulb? Just one, but they have to do it during dinner.
What's the difference between a tornado and a divorce in the south? Nothing. Someone's losing a trailer either way.
What happens when you give a politician Viagra? He gets taller. 
I ordered an Asian Hooker, she arrived 2 hours late. She loves me wrong time.
Want to hear a joke about pizza? Nevermind, it's too cheesy. 
Why is it called PMS? Because mad cow disease was taken.
What do you call a smart blonde? A golden retriever.
The frustrated cannibal threw up his hands.
Somebody threw some cheese at me in the supermarket the other day. I thought to myself "How dairy."
What do you call a girl with one leg? Eileen 
How do you make an archaeolgist mad? Give him a bloody tampon and ask him what period its from.
How do you make Holy water? You boil the Hell out of it. 
Why did Michael Jackson love to shop at Sears? He heard little boy's pants were half off. 
What does a Mexican cut his pizza with? Little Caesars
What's better than roses on your piano? Tulips on your organ.
What's a thesaurus's favorite cereal? Synonym Toast Crunch
What did the left nut say to the right nut? Don't talk to the guy in the middle, he's a dick.
What do sperm and politicians have in common? About 1 in every 500 or 600 million have a chance at becoming human.
What do terrorists do on vacation? They go waterboarding.
What do you call a leper in a jacuzzi? Stew.
Why was the pig in the kitchen? It was bacon.
What do you call a cow that has had an abortion? Decaffeinated
What do you get for stealing a slut's vegetables? Her peas.
What do Pink Floyd and Dale Earnhardt Senior have in common? Their last hit was the wall.
When does 1+1=3? When you don't use a condom.
What's the difference between Princess Diana and Tiger Woods? Tiger Woods has a better driver.
What's so good about an Ethiopian blow job? You just know she'll swallow.
Do you know how much cocaine Charlie Sheen did last year? Enough to kill 2 and 1/2 men.
What does it taste like when you go down on a old lady? Depends...
Mexican and Black jokes are all the same. Once you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamal.
Why does Michael J Fox make the best milkshakes? Because he uses the highest quality ingredients.
How did the hipster burn his mouth? He ate his dinner before it was cool.
What's the difference between sex and golf? In golf one bad hole won't kill you.
What do you call a cow that's had an abortion? Decalfinated
Why is chili so annoying? Because it's always Jalopeño business.
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say before he began his chess game? I'll be black.
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would a foot. 
What's long and hard on a black man? The first grade.
Did you hear Mary had sex with god for cash? She just wanted to make a little prophet.
What gets louder as it gets smaller? A baby in a trash compactor.
What do you call a female peacock? A peacunt.
Who picks up shit from a seeing eye dog?
What do a burnt pizza, frozen beer, and a pregnant girl have in common? Someone didn't pull it out in time.
What's the difference between a joke and two dicks? You can't take a joke.
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose? Full.
How can you tell if you're at a bulimic bachelor party? The cake jumps out of the girl.
What do you call a gay dinosaur? Megasoreass
What do you do to a chemist after they die? You barium.
I've been reading a book about the history of glue. I can't put it down!
What do you call an epileptic in a lettuce patch? A seizure salad.
How much does a pirate pay for corn? A buccaneer.
What kind of monkey can fly? A hot air baboon.
Did you hear about the kidnapping? He woke up.
Why did Hitler commit suicide? Because he got his gas bill.
Marriage is like a deck of cards. In the beginning all you need is 2 hearts and a diamond. By the end you wish you'd a club and a spade.
How do you make a dead baby float? Add 2 scoops of ice cream. 
Michael J. Fox accidentally erases everything he draws on an Etch-a-Sketch.
Ever had Ethiopian food? No? Neither have they.
What does one lesbian vampire say to the other? See you next month.
Why can't you fool an aborted baby? Because it wasn't born yesterday.
What did the sadist do to the masochist? Nothing.
There are 3 kinds of people. Those who can count and those who can't.
A man gets the words "I LOVE YOU" tattooed on his penis. His wife tells him "Quit putting words in my mouth!"
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Why didn't the skeleton ask anyone on a date? He didn't have the guts!
Why did the monkey fall out of the tree? Because he was dead.
If you spin a Chinese man around a hundred times does he get disoriented?
A dwarf got pick-pocketed the other day. How could they stoop so low?
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "Why the long face?" The horse does not respond because it is a horse.
What do you call the first Irish woman ever created? The McRib.
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes? Nothing, you already told her twice!
Piracy is killing the music industry. You try playing the guitar with a hook.
Are you a parking ticket? Because you have fine written all over you.
How do pigs get to a hospital? By riding in a hambulance.
A person went to a coffee shop. The waiter asked, "Do you want your coffee black?" The person replied, "What other colors do you have?"
Why did the scientist disconnect his doorbell? He wanted to win the Nobel Prize.
A few weeks ago, two cartoonists entered a contest. The result was a draw.
Did you hear about the guy who lost his left arm and left leg in a car accident? He's alright.
A guy walks into a bar. He's an alcoholic and it's slowly killing his family.
What would you get if your donkey ate the legs off my rooster? Two feet of my cock in your ass.
What do you call a puppy in a desert? A hot dog. 
How do you clear out a veterans bingo hall? B 52.
What do Americans do immediately after winning the World Cup? Turn off the Playstation.
Where do you find a zebra? 25 letters after A, bra.
What's gray, full of cement, and howls at the moon? A coyote (I just added the cement to make it harder).
What does a clock do when its hungry? Go back for seconds.
Why do rednecks like Halloween? Because they can Pump-Kin.
Have you heard my under construction joke? It's not done yet.
This girl came up to me and said she recognised me from vegetarian club. I was confused, I'd never met herbivore.
There's no need for women to behave the way they do on their period. It's an ovary action.
I went to Seoul the other day to sell fluorescent markers. It was the highlight of my Korea.
Knock knock  Who's there?  Britney Spears  Britney Spears who?  Knock knock  ... Who's there?  Oops I did it again.
Who's the coolest guy at the hospital? The ultrasound guy.
My wife was gang raped by a group of mimes. They performed unspeakable acts on her.
You can pick your friends and pick your nose, but you can't pick your friend's nose
There are 10 kinds of people in this world: those who understand binary and those who don't.
Your head is so big, your ears are in different time zones.
Why did Jesus quit playing hockey? He was tired of getting nailed to the boards.
My wife is a famous porn star. She would be pissed if she found out.
A priest, a rabbi, and a blind man walk into a bar and the bartender says, "What is this, some kind of joke?
What did the buffalo say to its kid when it went to school? Bison.
Two soldiers are in a tank. One looks at the other and goes, "Blublublub!"
What's brown and rhymes with snoop? Dr. Dre.
Whats the difference between two dicks and a joke? You can't take a joke.
What's the difference between a mistress and a wife? About 30 pounds.
Did you hear about the new pirate movie? It's rated ARRRGH.
Why is there such a shortage of teachers in Africa? Teacher's aides
What do you call a pig with three eyes. Piiig.
What do vegetarian zombies eat? Graaaaaains.
Did you blow bubbles as a kid? Well, he's back in town and wants his money back.
In a Catholic boarding school, how do you know when to go to bed? The big hand touches the little hand.
What do ninjas drink? WATAH!
What's big, grey and makes you jump? The elephant of surprise.
What do you call four Mexicans in quicksand? Quatro Cinco
Why did Gateway computers go out of business? Because they led to stronger and addictive computers.
I used to know a joke about the hippocampus, but I forgot it.
A guy walked into a bar. He got a light concussion.
What's a Canadian's favorite letter? A.
A seal walks into a club. The doorman takes his coat.
My friend was just buried in a cemetery. It's okay, he was dying to get in.
What did the cannibal get when he was late for dinner? The cold shoulder.
Why do mermaids wear seashells? They're too big for B-shells and too small for D-shells.
Two peanuts walk into a bar. One was a-SALTED.
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road? He didn't have the guts for it.
What does the Sun drink out of? Sunglasses.
What did the dog say to the tree? Bark.
What do you call a fish without an eye? A fsh.
What does an elephant use for a vibrator? An epileptic sheep.
What do you get if you cross a traffic warden with a dog? A barking ticket.
Did you hear the one about the Chinese Godfather? He made them an offer they couldn't understand.
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Only Juan.
What's the difference between Santa and Tiger Woods? Santa kept it down to three hos.
A neutron walks into a bar and asks the bartender, "How much for a beer?" The bartender says, "For you, no charge."
How can you tell if your girlfriend is getting fat? She fits into your wife's clothes.
How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb? It's an obscure number you've probably never heard of.
"President Bush is going to visit the Vatican. He says he's looking forward to meeting the Pope and Mrs. Pope."
What's the temperature in Motown right now? Three degrees, four tops.
What did the light bulb say to the switch? You turn me on.
What did the Zombie plumber cry? DRAAAAAINS. 
Why don't dinosaurs talk? Because they're dead.
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat. 
What's the worst part about two black guys going over a cliff in a van? They were my friends.
Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose.
War does not determine who is right – only who is left.
Women should not have children after 50. Really… 50 children are enough.
What do you call two Mexicans playing basketball? Their names, if you know them. If not just say "excuse me".
A horse walks into a bar, the barman says, "Why the long face?" The horse replies, "I have cancer."
If you were a laser, you'd be set on stunning.
What's the difference between a mailbox and an elephant's asshole? You don't know? Remind me not to give you a letter to mail.
To my wife in bed - "Give me a Chilean Miner!" Her - "What's that?" Me- "Go down to the bottom of my shaft and stay there 'til Christmas!"
Two men walk into a bar, and the third one ducks.
A termite walks into a bar and asks, "is the bar tender here?".
Did you hear about the constipated accountant? He couldn't budget.
A man was hospitalized with 6 plastic horses up his ass. The doctor described his condition as stable.
What kind of soup weighs 2000 lbs? Won ton soup.
What did Paris Hilton's left leg say to her right leg? nothing, they're never together. 
What do you call a female deer that's pickled? A dill doe. 
What did the prostitute say when she got out of the psychiatrist's shower? Well, that's another load off of my chest.
What do you call a leper in a hot tub? Stew.
I picked up a hitch hiker. You've got to when you hit them.
What do Mexicans and beans have in common? They both smell like beans.
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and quivers? A nervous wreck. 
why dont vampires bite divorced MEN? beccause they have already been drained dry..
Why don't cannibals eat divorced women? They're bitter.
My friend drowned, and at the funeral, we got him flowers in the shape of a life vest. It's what he would have wanted.
What's worse than a joke about shit? A joke about shit that's corny.
As a kid I was made to walk the plank. We couldn't afford a dog.
What did Santa Claus’s wife say during a thunderstorm? Come and look at the rain, dear.
A comedian entered a joke contest and sent in ten of his best one-liners and waited to see if he had won. Sadly no pun in ten did.
What do you call a deer with no eyes? No eyed-deer.
What do you call a musician without a girlfriend? Homeless.
What do you call cheese that doesn't belong to you? Nacho cheese.
Why was the mushroom invited to the party? Because he's a fungi.
There are two fish in a tank. One turns to the other and says, "Do you know how to drive this thing?"
Why don't seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they would be called bagels!
A man stole a case of soap from the corner store. The police said he made a clean getaway.
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court? He heard the referee was blowing fowls.
What do you call a mexican with a rubber toe? Roberto!
What's positive about Africa? H.I.V.
What's the worst part about having sex with Marilyn Monroe? Maggots.
What's worse than finding a worm in you apple? Finding half a worm.
What's the worst thing a mother can say to her child? I should have swallowed you when I had the chance!
What's the most successful pickup line ever? "Does this smell like chloroform?"
How do you get a woman to stop giving blowjobs? Marry her.
Whats green, slimy and smells like ham? Kermit the Frog's finger.
A baby seal walks into a club...
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable? AIDS.
Menstrual jokes are not funny. Period.
Holocaust jokes aren't funny. Anne Frankly, I won't stand for it.
Did you hear the joke about the deaf guy who walked into a bar? no! neither did he...
How many ADHD kids does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Wanna go see a movie?
A man walks into a bar and says "ow".
What do you call a bunch of white guys sitting on a bench? The NBA
I like my women like I like my whiskey, Twelve years old and mixed up with coke.
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex? Oral sex makes your day, anal sex makes your hole weak!
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes? Nothing. You done told her twice.
What did the Mexican say when his term paper flew out the window? - "Where you goin', essay?"
Borrow money from pessimists, they don't expect it back.
What's the difference between a musician and a large cheese pizza? A large cheese pizza can feed a family of four.
What do you call a black man who fixes your toilet? You call him a plumber you racist!
What did the egg say to the boiling water? It might take me awhile to get hard, I just got laid by this chick.
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None. Feminists can't change shit.
If you throw a cat out a car window does it become kitty liter?
What do you call an Alabama farmer with a sheep under each arm? A pimp.
Where does an Irish family go on vacation? A different bar.
What is the difference between snowmen and snowwomen? Snowballs
What has a whole bunch of little balls and screws old ladies? A bingo machine.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his ass.
Why don't blondes have elevator jobs? They don't know the route.
How can you tell a Sumo wrestler from a feminist? A Sumo wrestler shaves his legs.
What do you call a blonde with 2 brain cells? Pregnant
What do you call two skunks that are 69ing? Odor eaters
Did you hear about the Christmas themed porn? Jesus gets nailed.
Yo Mama is so fat it takes 3 warlocks to summon her.
Yo mama is so stupid, it took her two hours to watch 60 minutes.
Yo mama is so worn out, she has to have a baby just to get off.
Yo Mama is so fat, her nickname is "DAMN!"
Yo mama is so fat, she eats cereal out of a satellite dish.
Yo mama is so fat, she was baptized at Sea World.
Yo Mama is so fat she sat on a dollar and made four quarters.
Yo Mama is so fat, I told the bitch to haul ass and it took her two trips.
Yo Mama is so ugly, it affects her self-esteem.
Yo Mama is so stupid she enjoys the musical stylings of Nickelback.
Yo Mama is so fat she uses the equator as her belt.
Yo Mama is so fat that smaller fat people orbit around her.
Yo Mama is so dumb, she got locked in a grocery store and starved to death.
Yo mama is so fat, the back of her neck looks like a pack of hotdogs.
Yo mama is so fat, that when she stepped on a scale, it said "to be continued"
Yo mama is so fat she has diabetes and an increased risk of cardiovascular disease.
Yo mama is so fat she needs a passport to roll over.
Yo mama is so poor she has the ducks throw bread at her.
Yo mama is so old that when I told her to act her own age she died.
Yo mama is so desperate she had sex with me!
Yo mama is so nasty she brings crabs to the beach.
Yo mama is so nasty I called her to say hello, and she ended up giving me an ear infection.
Yo Mama is so fat her BMI is measured in acres.
Yo mama is so poor her face is on the front of a foodstamp.
Yo Mama is so fat that when she died and was cremated, her ash caused the cancellation of flights across Europe.
Yo mama is so old she has a picture of Jesus in her yearbook.
Yo mama is so fat on the sixth day god created her.
Yo mama is so ugly when she joined an ugly contest, they said "Sorry, no professionals."
Yo Mama is so ugly, she uses a line of makeup called "Why Bother".
Yo mama is so fat she eats Wheat Thicks.
Yo mama is so hairy you almost died of rugburn at birth.
Yo mama is so old she farts dust.
Yo mama is so old her social security number is 1!
Yo mama so fat when her beeper goes off, people think she's backing up.
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 8 9.
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician? He worked it out with a pencil.
Why did Michael Jackson start the race 10 minutes late? He wanted to come in a little behind.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
A girl went into the doctor's office with a strawberry up her ass. The doctor said I've got some "cream" for that.
Why was the Energizer Bunny arrested? He was charged with battery.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
The fight we had last night was my fault. My wife asked me what was on the TV and I said dust.
Jesus loves you, but everyone else thinks you're an asshole.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
How are an Arkansas Tornado and an Arkansas divorce the same? Somebody's gonna lose a trailer.
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is it naked or homeless?
What happens to a grape when an elephant sits on it? It lets out a little whine.
Why don't blind people like to sky dive? Because it scares the dog.
Why do golfers wear 2 pairs of pants? In case they get a hole in one.
What happened to the kid who chugged 8 cokes? He burped 7up.
What kind of shoes are made out of banana peels? Slippers.
What did the letter say to the stamp? Stick to me and we'll go places.
What is the difference between a Harley and a Hoover? The location of the dirt bag.
When I was in a supermarket I saw a man and a woman wrapped in a barcode. I asked, "Are you two an item?".
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe? Canoes tip!
Two tampons walk down the street. Who says hi first. None, they are stuck up cunts.
Statistically 6 out of 7 dwarfs aren't happy.
Roses are red. Violets are blue. I've got a knife. Get in the back of the van.
What's big, gray, and unimportant? An irrelephant.
Why did the Mexican throw his wife off of the roof? Tequila.
What did the cheese maker say after his factory was hit by lightning? I've created a muenster.
What do you get when you combine a comedian and a whorehouse? A BROFL.
I've got my first Gamblers Anonymous meeting tomorrow. I rang them today to check the time. It's ten to one.
You hear they're making a movie about constipation? The movie doesn't come out for a while.
I was riding a horse and it's leg broke so I had to shoot it. I'm not allowed on the carousel anymore.
How do crazy people go through the woods? They take the psychopath.
What's Irish and stays out all night? Patio Furniture.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? You look for fresh prints.
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella? Fo' drizzle.
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One looks to the other and asks, "Does this taste funny to you?"
What famous pig signed the Declaration of Independence? John Hamcock!
What's red, white, blue and green? A seasick Uncle Sam!
What do Japanese men do when they have erections? They vote.
Where can you find a dog with no legs? Right where you left him.
Two antennas got married. The ceremony was so-so, but the reception was fantastic.
A grasshopper walks into a bar & the bartender goes "we have a drink named after you". The grasshopper goes "you have a drink named Kevin?"
Sorry the hiatus folks.  We took a 2 month vacation to be serious.  We're back in full swing though.
Two muffins are in an oven. One of 'em says, "Wow, it's really hot in here." The other one says "Holy shit, a talking muffin!"
What do gay horses eat? Heyyyyyyyyyyy!
I quit my job in the helium balloon factory, I refuse to be spoken to in that tone
I was wondering why a frisbee looked bigger as it came closer, then it hit me.
What did the bra say to the hat? You go on a head, I'll give these two a lift!
Did you hear about the scarecrow that won a Nobel Prize for being outstanding in his field?
A Buddhist goes up to a hotdog stand and says, "Make me one with everything."
I was at an ATM and this old lady asked me to help check her balance. So I pushed her over.
A sandwhich walks into a bar and the bartender says sorry buddy white breads only.
A guy walks into a bar and says "ow"
Why do walruses go to Tupperware parties? To find a tight seal.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved. 
I used to own a motorcycle shop, but I had to sell it. I was always two tired.
A hamburger walks into a bar. The bartender goes "sorry we don't serve food here".
Why was tigger's head in the toilet? He was looking for pooh! 
I got tired of taking it on the chin..so I started swallowing.
Balloon boy imma let you finish but Anne frank had the best attic hideout of all time.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list.
A blind guy was on Wheel of Fortune. He asked if he can buy an I.
I have a gay friend who works in construction. He works in a manhole.
I went on the lamb because i got tired of fucking the sheep.
I got a part in the movie cocaine. I only had one line.
I got a letter from Africa. I didn't open it...certified blackmail.
Sorry I'm late traffic is exactly how it's been every day for the past 5 years and I was not expecting that.
What's Blonde and dead in a closet? The Hide and Seek Champion from 1995.
Deodorant? No, I've never needed to buy any. People just give it to me, complete strangers sometimes.
Moses had the first tablet that could connect to the cloud.
When I was a boy, I had a disease that required me to eat dirt three times a day in order to survive... It's a good thing my older brother told me about it.
A mexican magician was doing a magic trick. He said, Uno, Dose, and he disappeared without a trace
What's the difference between a northern fairytale and a southern fairytale? A northern fairytale begins "Once upon a time ..." A southern fairytale begins "Y'all ain't gonna believe this shit ..."
Just burned 2,000 calories. That's the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I nap.
My girlfriend told me she was leaving me because I keep pretending to be a Transformer. I said, "No, wait! I can change."
The first computer dates back to Adam and Eve. It was an Apple with limited memory, just one byte. And then everything crashed.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
If you're still looking for that one person who will change your life take a look in the mirror.
You have two parts of brain, 'left' and 'right'. In the left side, there's nothing right. In the right side, there's nothing left.
About a month before he died, my uncle had his back covered in lard. After that, he went down hill fast.
With the rise of self-driving vehicles, it's only a matter of time before we get a country song where a guy's truck leaves him too.
"Doctor, there's a patient on line 1 that says he's invisible"
"Well, tell him I can't see him right now."
eBay is so useless. I tried to look up lighters and all they had was 13,749 matches.
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you.
Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth?
I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.
A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.
Behind every angry woman is a man who has absolutely no idea what he did wrong.
My girlfriend broke up with me so I took her wheelchair. Guess who came crawling back.
Don't trust atoms, they make up everything.
I hope when I inevitably choke to death on gummy bears people just say I was killed by bears and leave it at that.
I asked my North Korean friend how it was there, he said he couldn't complain.
I changed my password to "incorrect". So whenever I forget what it is the computer will say "Your password is incorrect".
Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.
I think my neighbor is stalking me as she's been googling my name on her computer. I saw it through my telescope last night.
Don't spell part backwards. It's a trap.
When wearing a bikini, women reveal 90 % of their body... men are so polite they only look at the covered parts.
Thanks for explaining the word "many" to me, it means a lot.
Math Teacher: "If I have 5 bottles in one hand and 6 in the other hand, what do I have?" 
Student: "A drinking problem."
My boss is going to fire the employee with the worst posture. I have a hunch, it might be me.
I got a new pair of gloves today, but they're both 'lefts' which, on the one hand, is great, but on the other, it's just not right.
My dad died when we couldn't remember his blood type. As he died, he kept insisting for us to "be positive," but it's hard without him.
I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
*forgets to bring phone into the bathroom* I'm off the grid
Most people are shocked when they find out how incompetent I am as an electrician.
I hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious.
Just read that 4,153,237 people got married last year, not to cause any trouble but shouldn't that be an even number?
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
Can I have your picture so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?
What is the best thing about living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.
Q: What do you call the security outside of a Samsung Store? A: Guardians of the Galaxy.
My girlfriend is always stealing my t-shirts and sweaters... But if I take one of her dresses, suddenly "we need to talk".
What's the difference between a black dad and a boomerang? A boomerang comes back.
When a woman says "what?" It's not because she didn't hear you. She's just giving you a chance to change what you said.
A doctor tells a woman she can no longer touch anything alcoholic. So she gets a divorce.
I have noticed that everyone who is for abortion, has already been born.
Life without women would be a pain in the ass, literally.
Alcohol is a perfect solvent: It dissolves marriages, families and careers.
R.I.P boiled water. You will be mist.
God grades on the cross, not the curve.
Maybe if we start telling people the brain is an app they will start using it.
What's the difference between men and pigs? Pigs don't turn into men when they drink.
TRUE FRIENDSHIP: Walking into a persons house and your wifi connects automatically.
My wife just found out I replaced our bed with a trampoline; she hit the roof.
Being an adult is just walking around wondering what you're forgetting.
I like older men because they've gotten used to life's disappointments. Which means they're ready for me.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
You won't drink away the alcoholism.
People used to laugh at me when I would say "I want to be a comedian", well nobody's laughing now.
I'm not saying your perfume is too strong. I'm just saying the canary was alive before you got here.
On a scale of North Korea to America, how free are you tonight?
I accidentally handed my wife a glue stick instead of a chapstick. She still isn't talking to me.
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it's perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants, but he's still making fun of me.
If God is your co-pilot - swap seats.
That one liner 'i'm not drinking too much tonight' never goes as planned...
The future, the present and the past walked into a bar. Things got a little tense.
Learn from yesterday, live for today and have hope for tomorrow.
Temples are free to enter but still empty. Pubs charge to enter, but are full. People ignore inner peace &choose to pay for self destruction
Prayer: Don't give God instructions -- just report for duty!
When my boss asked me who is the stupid one, me or him? I told him everyone knows he doesn't hire stupid people.
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
I grew a beard thinking it would say "Distinguished Gentleman." Instead, turns out it says, "Senior Discount, Please!"
My mom said that if I don't get off my computer and do my homework she'll slam my head on the keyboard, but I think she's jokinfjreoiwjrtwe4to8rkljreun8f4ny84c8y4t58lym4wthylmhawt4mylt4amlathnatyn
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
According to most studies, people's number one fear is public speaking. Number two is death. Death is number two. Does that sound right? This means to the average person, if you go to a funeral, you're better off in the casket than doing the eulogy.
I always feel better when my doctor says something is normal for my age but then think dying will also be normal for my age at some point.
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance. We'll see about that.
Why do black people call each other brothers? Because they don't know who there father's are.
I tried to escape the Apple store. I couldn't because there were no Windows.
When I told the doctor about my loss of memory, he made me pay in advance.
How did I escape Iraq? Iran.
When you get to your wit's end, You'll find God lives there.
At what age is it appropriate to tell my dog that he's adopted?
Aging gracefully is like the nice way of saying you're slowly looking worse.
Circumcision is popular because Jewish girls won't touch anything that's not at least 15% off.
Plan ahead - It wasn't raining when Noah built the ark.
If you're not supposed to eat at night, why is there a light bulb in the refrigerator?
Life is all about perspective. The sinking of the Titanic was a miracle to the lobsters in the ship's kitchen.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day.
I have never understood why women love cats. Cats are independent, they don't listen, they don't come in when you call, they like to stay out all night, and when they're home they like to be left alone and sleep. In other words, every quality that women hate in a man, they love in a cat.
I just found out I'm colorblind. The diagnosis came completely out of the purple.
An old teacher asked her student, "If I say, 'I am beautiful,' which tense is that?" 
The student replied, "It is obviously past."
Women spend more time wondering what men are thinking than men spend thinking.
I started out with nothing, and I still have most of it.
That awkward moment when you leave a store without buying anything and all you can think is "act natural, you're innocent".
The older I get, the earlier it gets late.
To be happy with a man, you must understand him a lot and love him a little. To be happy with a woman, you must love her a lot and not try to understand her at all.
Anal intercourse is for assholes.
Entered what I ate today into my new fitness app and it just sent an ambulance to my house.
It is easier to preach ten sermons than it is to live one.
I have a dog to provide me with unconditional love but I also have a cat to remind me that I don't deserve it. It's all about balance.
Did you know that dolphins are so smart that within a few weeks of captivity, they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish?
Before I criticize a man, I like to walk a mile in his shoes. That way, when I do criticize him, I'm a mile away and I have his shoes.
I like having conversations with kids. Grownups never ask me what my third favorite reptile is.
Team work is important; it helps to put the blame on someone else.
A clean house is the sign of a broken computer.
If a church wants a better pastor, It only needs to pray for the one it has. 
As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in schools.
Isn't it great to live in the 21st century? Where deleting history has become more important than making it.
Moses was leading his people through the desert for 40 years. It seems, even in Biblical times men avoided asking the way.
Photons have mass? I didn't even know they were Catholic.
I'm great at multitasking. I can waste time, be unproductive, and procrastinate all at once.
How is it that I always seem to buy the plants without the will to live?
Smoking will kill you... Bacon will kill you... But,smoking bacon will cure it.
The best mathematical equation I have ever seen: 1 cross + 3 nails= 4 given.
My wife and I were happy for twenty years. Then we met.
I was addicted to the hokey pokey... but thankfully, I turned myself around.
My dream woman has a special combination of inner and outer beauty and is, most importantly, too naive to know she's way out of my league.
Last night in my dream I was peeing in bed. Dreams do come true I realized in the morning.
My girlfriend was complaining last night that I never listen to her. Or something like that...
In the sentence of life, the devil may be a comma - but never let him be the period.
A Chinese couple had a black baby and named it sum ting Wong.
Did Noah include termites on the ark?
Everyone my age is older than me...
Never laugh at your girlfriends choices... your one of them.
All the problems fade before a hangover
You are so ugly if they laid you on the beach, not even the tide would take you.
I just asked my husband if he remembers what today is... Scaring men is easy.
I like Jesus but he loves me, so it's awkward.
I'm not insulting you. I'm describing you.
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
My son asked me what it's like to be married so I told him to leave me alone and when he did I asked him why he was ignoring me.
The Man Who Created Autocorrect Has Died. Resturant In Peace.
She wanted a puppy. But I didn't want a puppy. So we compromised and got a puppy.
To the mathematicians who thought of the idea of zero, thanks for nothing!
Strong people don't put others down. They lift them up and slam them on the ground for maximum damage.
Intelligence is like an underwear. It is important that you have it, but not necessary that you show it off.
A conclusion is the part where you got tired of thinking.
Feeling pretty proud of myself. The Sesame Street puzzle I bought said 3-5 years, but I finished it in 18 months.
Talking to a liberal is like trying to explain social media to a 70 years old.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not too sure.
A man walks into a bar with a roll of tarmac under his arm and says: "Pint please, and one for the road." 
To this day, the boy that used to bully me at school still takes my lunch money. On the plus side, he makes great Subway sandwiches.
What's faster then a black kid running down the street with your tv? His brother with your Xbox.
I have as much authority as the Pope, i just don't have as many people who believe it.
Why is it so hard for women to find men that are sensitive, caring, and good-looking? Because those men already have boyfriends.
Scientists say the universe is made up of Protons, Neutrons, and Electrons. They forgot to mention Morons.
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.
What's the difference of deer nuts and beer nuts? Beer nuts are a $1.75, but deer nut are under a buck.
A person has to have a warm heart and a cold beer.
I saw two guys wearing matching clothing and I asked if they were gay. They quickly arrested me.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? 
It's okay. He woke up.
A cop just knocked on my door and told me that my dogs were chasing people on bikes. My dogs don't even own bikes...
You take away the looks, money, intelligence, charm and success and, really, there's no real difference between me and George Clooney.
God gave us the brain to work out problems. However, we use it to create more problems.
Before I tell my wife something important, I take both her hands in mine. That way she can't hit me with them.
Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.
Don't let your worries get the best of you; remember, Moses started out as a basket case.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
I would request a last meal of soda and pop rocks so I could die on my own terms.
The question isn't at what age I want to retire, it's at what income.
The Big Bang Theory: God Spoke and BANG! it happened. 
My job is secure. No one else wants it.
My wife suggested we should try some role reversal in bed so I told her I have a headache.
Why are there so many old people in Church? They're cramming for the final.
Nurse: "We need a stool sample and a urine sample."
Man to wife: "What did she say?"
Wife to husband: "They want your underwear."
I asked my wife what she wanted for Christmas. She told me "Nothing would make her happier than a diamond necklace" So I bought her nothing.
I saw an ad for burial plots, and thought to myself this is the last thing I need.
A liberal is just a conservative that hasn't been mugged yet.
I asked my wife if she ever fantasizes about me, she said yes - about me taking out the trash, mowing the lawn, and doing the dishes.
My first job was being a diesel fitter at a pantyhose factory. As they came off the line, I would hold them up and say, "yeah, Deez-el fit her."
Why was Cinderella thrown off the basketball team? She ran away from the ball.
Don't you hate it when someone answers their own questions? I do.
My wife likes it when I blow air on her when she's hot, but honestly... I'm not a fan.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
The dinner I was cooking for my family was going to be a surprise but the fire trucks ruined it.
A little boy asked his father, "Daddy, how much does it cost to get married?" Father replied, "I don't know son, I'm still paying."
I have a few jokes about unemployed people but it doesn't matter none of them work.
Atheists don't solve exponential equations because they don't believe in higher powers.
Girl you're like a car accident, cause I just can't look away.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
The road to success is always under construction.
When I call a family meeting I turn off the house wifi and wait for them all to come running.
My doctor told me I needed to break a sweat once a day so I told him I'd start lying to my wife.
Claustrophobic people are more productive thinking out of the box.
The reason a dog has so many friends is that he wags his tail instead of his tongue.
I think we should get rid of democracy. All in favor raise your hand.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
Some people are kind, polite, and sweet-spirited until you try to sit in their pews.
I couldn't quite remember how to throw a boomerang, but eventually, it came back to me.
Tequila is a good drink: you drink it and you feel like a cactus; the only problem is that in the morning the thorns grow inward.
How many gays does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Two. One to screw it in and another to stand around and say 'FABULOUS!'
Relationships are a lot like algebra.  Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
I don't approve of political jokes...I've seen too many of them get elected. 
Apparently I snore so loudly that it scares everyone in the car I'm driving.
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
If I had a dollar for every time someone called me a racist, I'd have enough money for a black guy to rob me and a jew to pick up the coins he drops as he runs away.
Improve your memory by doing unforgettable things.
Occasionally, a true friend gives his paw not his hand...
Why do the French eat snails? They don't like fast food.
A healthy sleep not only makes your life longer, but also shortens the workday.
I'm sorry I wasn't part of your past, can I make it up by being in your future?
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
A dad is washing the car with his son. After a moment, the son asks his father, "Do you think we could use a sponge instead?"
I'm emotionally constipated. I haven't given a shit in days.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
My girlfriends dad asked me what I do. Apparently, "your daughter" wasn't the right answer.
Why is the day that you do laundry, cook, clean, iron and so on, called a day off?
Sometimes we expect more from others because we would be willing to do that much more for them.
Now what's on the menu? Me-n-u
Time may be a great healer but it's also a lousy beautician.
A man is being arrested by a female police officer, who informs him, "Anything you say can and will be held against you." The man replies, "Boobs!"
Know what the hardest part of riding a scooter is? Telling your parents you're gay.
My girlfriend left me because she couldn't handle my OCD. I told her to close the door five times on her way out.
If at first you don't succeed, we have a lot in common.
Thieves had broken into my house and stolen everything except my soap, shower gel, towels and deodorant. Dirty Bastards.
I love how in horror movies the person will ask, "Is anyone there?" As if the killer would say "Oh yeah I'm in the kitchen. Want a sandwich?"
Son: "Dad, can you tell me what a solar eclipse is?"
Dad: "No sun."
Dont be afraid to stand for what you believe in, even if that means standing alone.
I refused to believe my road worker father was stealing from his job, but when I got home, all the signs were there.
You're old enough to remember when emojis were called "hieroglyphics."
Life is like toilet paper, you're either on a roll or taking shit from some asshole.
Children in the dark make accidents, but accidents in the dark make children.
My wife is so negative. I remembered the car seat, the stroller, AND the diaper bag. Yet all she can talk about is how I forgot the baby.
An optimist believes that we live in the best world. A pessimist is afraid that it might be true.
If a woman sleeps with 10 men she's a slut, but if a man does it… He's gay, definitely gay.
Diet Day #1 - I removed all the fattening food from my house. It was delicious.
If sex is a pain in the ass, then you're doing it wrong ...
When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane and going the wrong way.
I got gas for $1.39 today. Unfortunately, it was at Taco Bell.
Writing a horror screenplay. It starts off with a ringing phone. The person answers, and it's their mum saying "I have a computer question."
Letting the cat out of the bag is a whole lot easier than putting it back in.
It was only when I bought a motorbike that I found out that adrenaline is brown.
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my 17 brothers and sisters and they didn't know either.
Failure is not falling down, it is not getting up again.
My email password has been hacked. That's the third time I've had to rename the cat.
It's funny, when I walk into a spider web I demolish his home and misplace his dinner yet I still feel like the victim.
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
It's just a bad day, not a bad life.
I know milk does a body good, but damn girl, how much have you been drinking?
He is so old that he gets nostalgic when he sees the Neolithic cave paintings.
Money talks ...but all mine ever says is good-bye.
A good wife always forgives her husband when she's wrong.
What did E.T.'s mother say to him when he got home? "Where on Earth have you been?!"
What's worse than waking up at a party and finding a penis drawn on your face? Finding out it was traced.
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea... does that mean that one enjoys it?
We just got a fax. At work. We didn't know we had a fax machine. The entire department just stared at it. I poked it with a stick.
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
Best friends: Ready to die for each other, but will fight to the death over the last slice of pizza.
Two windmills are standing in a field and one asks the other, "What kind of music do you like?" 
The other says, "I'm a big metal fan."
My husband is on the roof - only a few inches away from an insurance claim that could completely change my life.
Spoiler alert! The milk has been in the fridge for three weeks.
I bought a vacuum cleaner six months ago and so far all it's been doing is gathering dust.
One day you're the best thing since sliced bread. The next, you're toast.
When I lose the TV controller, it's always hidden in some remote destination.
Childs experience: if a mother is laughing at the fathers jokes, it means they have guests.
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a bicycle and a nicely dressed man on a tricycle? A tire.
How did Mary and Joseph know that Jesus weighed 4.2 kg? Cause thay had a weigh in the mangor.
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Your life doesn't get better by chance. It gets better by choice.
If you think nobody cares whether you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
I named my hard drive "dat ass" so once a month my computer asks if I want to 'back dat ass up'.
Chinese kid was born before the due date. Parents named him Sudden Lee.
Children in the back seats of cars cause accidents, but accidents in the back seats of cars cause children.
I gave up my seat to a blind person in the bus. That is how I lost my job as a bus driver.
My love for you is like dividing by zero - it cannot be defined.
Let me make this simple, I want to be invited but I don't want to go.
I named my dog 6 miles so I can tell people that I walk 6 miles every single day.
Time waits for no man, time is obviously a woman.
They should build the wall with Hillary's emails because nobody can get over them.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
Whenever someone calls me ugly, I get super sad and hug them, because I know how tough life is for the visually impaired.
I saw a sign that said "Watch for children" and I thought, "That sounds like a fair trade".
You can make a water-bed more bouncy by using spring water.
Walking my dog we saw a guy in a suit walking his dog and I know my dog is thinking I don't dress nice for him anymore.
I eat my tacos over a Tortilla. That way when stuff falls out, BOOM, another taco.
My best mates and I played a game of hiding and seek. It went on for hours... Well, good friends are hard to find.
A courtroom artist was arrested today for an unknown reason... details are sketchy.
I live in constant fear that my kid will become a famous artist or painter and I will have thrown out about a trillion dollars of her work.
I was going to look for my missing watch, but I could never find the time.
Never trust a dog to watch your food.
I won $3 million on the lottery this weekend so I decided to donate a quarter of it to charity. Now I have $2,999,999.75.
You know you're ugly when it comes to a group picture and they hand you the camera.
My password is the last 16 digits of Pi.
Wife: "I look fat. Can you give me a compliment?" Husband: "You have perfect eyesight."
My boss told me to have a good day. So I went home.
Support bacteria - they're the only culture some people have.
My therapist told me that a great way to let go of your anger is to write letters to people you hate and then burn them. I did that and I feel much better but I'm wondering... do I keep the letters?
I ordered 2000 lbs. of chinese soup. It was Won Ton.
Everything always ends well. If not – it's probably not the end.
I'm really good at stuff until people watch me do that stuff.
America is a country which produces citizens who will cross the ocean to fight for democracy but won't cross the street to vote.
Whatever you do always give 100 %. Unless you are donating blood.
You're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
1 in 5 people in the world are Chinese. There are 5 people in my family, so it must be one of them. It's either my mum or my dad. Or my older brother Colin. Or my younger brother Ho-Cha-Chu. But I think it's Colin.
People are making end of the world jokes. Like there is no tomorrow.
Keep the dream alive: Hit the snooze button.
Excuse me? Do you work at Little Ceasars? Cuz Ur Hot And I'm Ready.
My girlfriend said, "You act like a detective too much. I want to split up." "Good idea," I replied. "We can cover more ground that way."
"No, thanks. I'm a vegetarian." is a fun thing to say when someone hands you their baby.
Pavlov walks into a bar. The phone rings, and he says, "Damn, I forgot to feed the dog."
It is true that you may fool all of the people some of the time; you can even fool some the people all of the time; but you can't fool all of the people all of the time.
And in her smile I see something more beautiful than the stars.
Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose.
The problem with trouble shooting is that trouble shoots back.
My wife gave birth 4 times and still fits in her prom dress from high school.
I gave birth 0 times and I don't fit in my pants from March.
Retirement is the time in your life when time is no longer money.
Life is like a box of chocolates; it ends sooner for fat people.
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back.
A couple years ago my therapist told me I had problems letting go of the past.
Are you a singularity? Not only are you attractive, but the closer I get to you, the faster time seems to slip by.
Sign at the Urologist's office: URINE good hands.
Told my wife I wanted our kids every other weekend and she reminded me that we're married and live together so I'd have to see them every day.
Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home.
99% of women say they don't like men who wear leather pants. Which works out perfectly, since 100% of men who wear leather pants don't like women.
To write with a broken pencil is pointless.
A friend is like a book: you don't need to read all of them, just pick the best ones.
Have hope for the future, but maybe build a bomb shelter anyway.
I've just written a song about tortillas - actually, it's more of a rap.
Oxygen is proven to be a toxic gas. Anyone who inhales oxygen will normally dies within 80 years.
A friend of mine tried to annoy me with bird puns, but I soon realized that toucan play at that game.
Turning vegan is a big missed steak.
Someone stole my toilet and the police have nothing to go on.
I hate when I'm running on the treadmill for half an hour and look down to see it's been 4 minutes.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
For maximum attention, nothing beats a good mistake.
One day, a little boy wrote to Santa Clause, "Please send me a sister." Santa Clause wrote him back, "Ok, send me your mother."
Nothing is fool proof to a sufficiently talented fool.
Before having a kid the most important thing to ask yourself is "Am I ready to watch the exact same cartoon on repeat for the next 4 years?"
I can totally keep secrets. It's the people I tell them to that can't.
What did the elephant say to the naked man? "How do you breathe through that tiny thing?"
I bought a dictionary and when I got home I realized all the pages were blank; I have no words for how angry I am.
Beauty is only skin deep ...but ugly goes all the way to the bone!
Is google a woman? Because it won't let you finish your sentence without coming up with other suggestions.
Just seen a sign that made me shit myself.. it said "toilet closed".
No one has ever complained of a parachute not opening. Think about it.
I dated a girl with a lazy eye once.
It turns out she was seeing someone else on the side.
I am not a vegetarian because I love animals. I am a vegetarian because I hate plants.
The only knowledge that can hurt you is the knowledge you don't have.
Going for a walk because I want to stay healthy. Taking along a box of M&M's because let's be honest here.
When I get naked in the bathroom, the shower usually gets turned on.
You're not fat, you're just... easier to see.
Yesterday I donated my watch, phone, and $500 to a poor guy. You can't imagine the happiness I felt as I saw him put his pistol back in his pocket.
If a guy remembers the color of your eyes after the first date, chances are... you have small boobs.
Introducing myself to new boyfriends parents: "Hi, I usually don't make it this far."
I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian.
God, I wish I was the person I believed I could be when I bought all this produce.
What is the main difference between men and boys? Men's toys cost more.
Ice hockey is basically just guys wearing knife shoes fighting each other with long sticks for the last Oreo.
Do not be racist; be like Mario. He's an Italian plumber, who was made by the Japanese, speaks English, looks like a Mexican, jumps like a black man, and grabs coins like a Jew!
What do you call black people going to prison? A family reunion.
Two fish are sitting in a tank. One looks over at the other and says: "Hey, do you know how to drive this thing?"
My wife says I can join your gang but I have to be home by 9.
There are three kinds of people: Those who can count and those who can't.
My doctor told me that jogging could add years to my life. He was right—I feel ten years older already.
I hate jokes about prom. The punch line is always too long.
Never ask a woman who is eating ice cream straight from the carton how she's doing.
I found a rock yesterday which measured 1760 yards in length. Must be some kind of milestone.
I would give my dad what he really wants on Father's Day, but I can't afford to move out yet.
My IQ came back negative.
The only reason the term 'Ladies first' was invented was for the guy to check out the woman's ass.
Doctor's office: All our records are electronic now just fill out these 12 forms.
Women sometimes make fools of men, but most guys are the do-it-yourself type.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe
You know that tingly little feeling you get when you like someone? That's your common sense leaving your body.
Did you hear about that guy who fell into the infinity pool? Yeah... it took him forever to get out.
If you're going through Hell, keep going.
If a short psychic broke out of jail, then you'd have a small medium at large.
My wife had her driver's test the other day. She got 8 out of 10. The other 2 guys jumped clear.
What did God say after creating man? I must be able to do better than that.
Sorry I'm late but I wanted to make sure I missed most of it.
The only time the world beats a path to your door...
It is when you're in the bathroom!
So apparently RSVP'ing back to a wedding invite 'maybe next time' isn't the correct response.
I am not catholic, don't cross me.
I'm pretending to be a hot girl on tinder so I can match with my roomate and tell him Im coming over so he'll clean the apartment.
How do Asians name their kids? They throw them down the stairs and see what kind of sounds they make
I broke a mirror the other day that's 7 years bad luck. My lawyer thinks he can get me 5.
"Excuse me miss, can I have the time? I'd check my watch but I can't take my eyes off you."
Funny how they say we need to talk when they really mean you need to listen.
A girl phoned me the other day and said, "Come on over, there's nobody home." I went over. Nobody was home.
I think this generation will have to go into separate rooms and text each other to work out their problems.
My first job was working in an orange juice factory, but I got canned: couldn't concentrate.
My sister bet me I couldn't make a car out of spaghetti. U should of saw her face as I drove pasta.
The 50-50-90 rule: Anytime you have a 50-50 chance of getting something right, there's a 90% probability you'll get it wrong.
My kids are at an age now where they are beginning to understand embarrassment. This is my time to shine.
If you see me smiling it's because I'm thinking of doing something evil or naughty. If you see me laughing it's because I've already done it.
I was masturbating today and my hand fell asleep - that's got to be the ultimate rejection.
What's the difference between your wife and your job? After five years your job will still suck.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
The consensus after the election is that 100% of Americans think 50% of Americans have lost their minds.
If I freeze, it's not a computer virus. I was just stunned by your beauty.
A termite walks into a bar and says, "Where is the bar tender?"
The deeper the pit you're falling into, the more chance you have to learn how to fly.
I hate when I am about to hug someone really sexy and my face hits the mirror.
Money isn't everything but it sure keeps you in touch with your children.
Why kill time when you can make it work for you?
Women should not have children after 35. Really ... 35 children are enough.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
There is a new trend in our office; everyone is putting names on their food. I saw it today, while I was eating a sandwich named Kevin.
Confucius say, man who runs behind car will get exhausted, but man who runs in front of car will get tired.
Don't be irreplaceable - if you cannot be replaced, you cannot be promoted.
What do you call a laughing motorcycle? A Yamahahaha.
How do you know if someone is hitchhiking or just complimenting your driving?
I'm always frank with my sexual partners. Don't want them knowing my real name.
I need more than 140 characters to tell you how beautiful you are.
My parents won't say which of their six kids they love the best, but they have told me I finished just out of the top five.
Isn't it weird how when a cop drives by you feel paranoid instead of protected.
If nothing was learned, nothing was taught.
A woman says to the dentist "I don't know which is worse having a tooth pulled or having a Baby."
The dentist says "Well make up your mind I gotta adjust the chair!"
When I found out that my toaster wasn't waterproof, I was shocked.
I don't engage in mental combat with the unarmed.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
A book just fell on my head. I've only got myshelf to blame.
Justice is a dish best served cold because if it were served warm, it would be justwater.
My math teacher called me average. How mean!
It's been raining for 3 days without stopping. My wife is in depression, she is standing and looking through the window. If the rain doesn't stop tomorrow, I'll have to let her in.
This morning some clown opened the door for me. I thought to myself that's a nice Jester.
What's the difference between baseball and politics? In baseball you're out if you're caught stealing.
Love's a lot like a bullet in that the exit usually causes the most damage.
Why don't aliens visit our planet? Terrible ratings. One star.
Sometimes the first step to forgiveness, is realising the other person was born an idiot.
Hospitality: making your guests feel like they're at home, even if you wish they were.
When a girl changes her clothes in front of you, she's either really interested or you're level 99 friend-zoned. Or she hasn't spotted you in the tree yet.
My wife says she is no longer buying junk food for the family because, "Everyone just eats it."
What happens if you eat yeast and shoe polish? Every morning you will rise and shine!
Please go play with your brother. That's basically the reason we had him.
Never marry a woman who was captain of the debate team.
How do I disable the autocorrect function on my wife?
A retired husband is often a wife's full-time job.
Dr.'s are saying not to worry about the bird flu because it's tweetable.
What do you call a bunch of black people in an elevator? A box of chocolate.
Why men's voice is louder than women? Men have an antenna.
You must be an angel, because your texture mapping is so divine!
I love the F5 key. It´s just so refreshing.
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.
What do you call all black abortion clinic? Crime Stoppers.
I asked my wife why she never blinked during foreplay. She said she didn't have time.
My girlfriend came out of the shower and said "I shaved my pussy, you know what that means? I said "yeah, the drain is clogged again. "
I am on a seafood diet. Every time I see food, I eat it.
Escalators don't break down... they just turn into stairs.
Love is telling someone to go to hell and worrying about them getting there safely.
Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door? He wanted to win the No-bell prize!
A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well.
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
My grandfather tried to warn them about the Titanic. He screamed and shouted about the iceberg and how the ship was going to sink, but all they did was throw him out of the theater.
Did you hear about the man who jumped off a bridge in France? He was in Sein.
Is your name Wi-Fi? Because I'm feeling a connection.
"Hi, I'm writing a phone book, can I have your number?"
Some of us learn from the mistakes of others; the rest of us have to be the others.
Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're so-da-licious
Life is sexually transmitted.
For Halloween we dressed up as almonds. Everyone could tell we were nuts.
Police have arrested the World tongue-twister Champion. I imagine he'll be given a tough sentence.
Middle age is when work is a lot less fun and fun a lot more work.
Another World's Oldest Man has died. This is beginning to look suspicious.
What was Forrest Gump's email password? "1forrest1"
 Did you hear about the guy who died of a Viagra overdose? They couldn't close his casket.
I relish the fact that you've mustard the strength to ketchup to me.
A tree house is the biggest insult to a tree. "Here, I killed your friend. Hold him."
Want to dance? Or should I go to hell again?
Why couldn't the leopard play hide and seek? Because he was always spotted.
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
The therapist asked my wife why she wanted to end our marriage. She said she hated all the constant Star Wars puns. I look at the therapist and said, "Divorce is strong with this one!"
Told my girlfriend that my mom is deaf, so speak loud and slow. Told my mom that my girlfriend is retarded...
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay they'd be bagels!
My favorite mythical creature? The honest politician.
Women marry because they believe that he will change one day. Men marry because they believe she'll never change. Both are mistaken.
Somewhere an elderly lady reads a book on how to use the internet, while a young boy googles "how to read a book".
Stop repeat offenders. Don't re-elect them!
Sometimes the best helping hand you can give is a good, firm push.
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
The worst part about working for the department of unemployment is when you get fired you still have to show up the next day.
My doctor advised me to kill people. Not in such words of course, he just said that I must diminish the amount of stress in my life.
Better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot. 
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
I worked in the woods as a lumberjack, but I just couldn't hack it, so they gave me the ax.
If pronouncing my b's as v's makes me sound Russian, then soviet.
If you can smile when things go wrong, you have someone in mind to blame.
How do you know your old? People call at 9 p.m. and ask, "Did I wake you?"
I don't understand why people get attacked by sharks. Can they not hear the music?
Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married. The ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent.
With great reflexes comes great response ability.
My son was like "I got a D in my maths" and I was like "That's really bad" and my wife was like "you need to stop doing his homework."
Do you love me because I am beautiful or I am I beautiful because you love me?
I think sex is better than logic, but I can't prove it.
Heard about the drug addict fisherman who accidentally caught a duck? Now he's hooked on the quack.
What do you have to do to have a party in space? You have to Planet.
I own a pencil that used to be owned by William Shakespeare, but he chewed it a lot. Now I can't tell if it's 2B or not 2B.
Sorry I just saw your text from last night, are you guys still at the restaurant.
My mind's made up, don't confuse me with facts.
I used to be a banker, but then I lost interest.
A teacher asks a student, "Are you ignorant or just apathetic?" The kid answers, "I don't know and I don't care."
Subway is definitely the healthiest fast food available because they make you get out of the car.
CAPS LOCK – Preventing Login Since 1980.
Are you a keyboard? Because you're my type!
Men approve of premarital sex until daughters are born.
What do you call a dictionary on drugs? HIGH-Definition.
How many more times are my kids going to ask me if I know where something is before they realize they're asking the wrong parent?
People who write "u" instead of "you". What do you do with all the time you save?
My boss says I intimidate the other employees, so I just stared at him until he apologized.
I'm the kind of guy who stops the microwave at 1 second just to feel like a bomb defuser.
A woman's mind is cleaner than a man's: She changes it more often.
The grass may be greener on the other side but at least you don't have to mow it.
I forgot my coffee this morning so I'm gonna drive on the rumble strips along the side of the road all the way to work just to be safe.
I don't think I'll be able to get my Mom what she really wants on Mother's Day – a doctor for a son-in-law.
Roses are red
Violets are blue
Love never crossed my mind 
Until I came across you.
I just got fired from my job as a taxi driver.
Turns out people don't like it when you go the extra mile for them.
Do people who bring bikes on the subway realize what bikes do?
Take my advice — I'm not using it.
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? You must be because you are BeAuTi-ful.
A man walks into the doctors and the doctor says, "I've not seen you for a while." 
The man replies, "Yes, I've been ill."
You can't get on the same page with someone who has a different book.
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you.
My girlfriend isn't talking to me. She said I ruined her birthday. I'm not sure how. I didn't even know it was her birthday.
A dog has an owner. A cat has a staff.
Outvoted 1-1 by my wife again.
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it, misdiagnosing it and then misapplying the wrong remedies.
Eat right. Stay fit. Die anyway.
Twitter is great if you can't afford therapy but you also don't want to get any better.
Where can you buy chicken broth in bulk? The stock market.
Got my girlfriend a "get better soon" card. She's not sick, I just think she could get better.
I sometimes watch birds and wonder "If I could fly who would I shit on?"
You sound reasonable. It must be time to up my medication!
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course. The Empire State Building can't jump.
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since.
If number 666 is evil, then 25.8069758011 is the root of all evil.
Love is not the number of times you kissed her, but the number of moments you were dying to kiss her.
Can't see an end. I have no control and I don't think there's an escape. I don't even have a home anymore. Think it's time for a new keyboard.
What's a Mexican's favorite sport? Cross country.
Sleep is my drug….my bed is my dealer and my alarm clock is the police.
I was such an ugly kid. When I played in the sandbox the cat kept covering me up.
What's the definition of a surprise? A fart with a lump in it.
If a man talks dirty to a woman, that's sexual harassment. If a woman talks dirty to a man, that'll be $6.50 a minute.
Few women admit their age; few men act it.
I wanna hang a map of the world in my house. Then I'm gonna put pins into all the locations that I've traveled to. But first, I'm gonna have to travel to the top two corners of the map so it won't fall down.
My wife made me a green hamburger today to celebrate St Patricks Day. I asked her how she colored it and she said she didn't know what I was talking about.
Did you hear about these new reversible jackets? I'm excited to see how they turn out.
I told my niece that I saw a moose on the way to work this morning. She said, "How do you know he was on his way to work?"
Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home.
I've been taking Viagra for my sunburn. It doesn't cure it but it keeps the sheets off my legs at night.
Ham and Eggs: A day's work for a chicken, a lifetime commitment for a pig.
Why are police cars black and white? To match the passengers, white up front blacks in the back.
I'm jealous of all the people that haven't met you!
I hate Russian dolls, they're so full of themselves.
I'm reading a horror story in Braille. Something bad is about to happen... I can feel it.
Don't put a question mark where God put a period. 
A straight face and a sincere-sounding "Huh?" have gotten me out of more trouble than I can remember.
Got an e-mail today from a "bored housewife 33, looking for some action!"  I've sent her my ironing, that'll keep her busy.
Recently, I've tried to make a car without wheels.
I've been working on it tirelessly.
If you had friends like mine, you'd be the luckiest guy in the world!
The reason grandchildren and grandparents get along so well is because they have a common "enemy".
I hate peer pressure and you should too.
I wanna make a joke about sodium, but Na..
Owls always look like they just saw a penis for the first time.
He slapped his two inches on the doctors desk. The doctor said "What is wrong with it?" "It's swollen."
My wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo. I had to put my foot down.
Did you know that if you hold your ear up to a strangers leg you can actually hear them say "what the fuck are you doing?
I saw six men kicking and punching the mother-in-law. My neighbour said ‘Are you going to help?' I said ‘No, six should be enough.'
Q:What is the population of Antarctica A: All white.
I threw an Asian man down a flight of stairs. It was Wong on so many levels.
There's only one problem with your face, I can see it.
Are you the square root of -1? Because you can't be real.
You are proof that evolution CAN go in reverse.
I was born to be a pessimist. My blood type is B Negative.
I told my girlfriend to text me when she got home... she must be homeless.
My girlfriend and I often laugh about how competitive we are. But I laugh more.
I'm currently boycotting any company that sells items I can't afford.
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer.
Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet.
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station..
Do you realize that in about 40 years, we'll have thousands of old ladies running around with tattoos?
Wise people think all they say, fools say all they think.
If you glue a dead wasp to your palm, you can smack your boss on the back of the head as hard as you want and act like you saved him.
I finally realized my parents favored my twin brother. It hit me when they asked me to blow up balloons for his surprise birthday party.
College is the opposite of kidnapping. They demand $100,000 from you or they'll send your kid back.
When I was young, I always felt like a male trapped in a females body. Then I was born
My kids are very optimistic.  Every glass they leave sitting around the house is at least half full.
The reward for a job well done is more work.
What did one eye say to the other eye? Between you and me something smells.
My wife's not too smart. I told her, our kids were spoiled. She said, "All kids smell that way."
What do electric trains and women's breasts have in common? They were originally intended for children but it's the men who play with them the most.
What language are you speaking? Cause it sounds like bullshit.
I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
My dad sent me to a psychiatrist for wearing his bra again.
Republicans & Democrats are like divorced parents who care more about getting the kids to hate the other one than they are their well-being.
Hey, you have something on your chin... no, the 3rd one down.
Cleaning mirrors is a job I could really see myself doing.
Last time I got caught stealing a calendar I got 12 months.
Doesn't expecting the unexpected make the unexpected become the expected?
If you can't remember my name, just say 'donuts'. I'll turn around and look.
It's not peer pressure, it's just your turn.
Don't you love nature, despite what it did to you?
Baby, if you were a fruit you'd be a fineapple.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
What's worse than raining cats and dogs? Hailing Taxi.
I'm anti-work but pro-paycheck so you see my dilemma.
Two men walked into a bar. The third one ducked.
Patient: "Doctor, I get heartburn every time I eat birthday cake." Doctor: "Next time, take off the candles."
Never get on one knee for a girl who won't get on two for you.
It must be difficult to post inspirational Tweets when your blood type is B Negative.
Babe, your cuter than a puppy at an animal shelter, Cuz i want to take you home!
When someone asks me if I'm seeing anyone, I automatically assume they're talking about a psychiatrist.
A wise man once said... Nothing, he only listened.
Don't be sad when a bird craps on your head. Be happy that dogs can't fly.
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
I find a duck's opinion of me is very much influenced by whether or not I have bread.
My New Year's resolution is to help all my friends gain ten pounds so I look skinnier.
If you were a triangle youd be acute one.
Dating a single mother is like continuing from somebody else's saved game.
I'll be Burger King and you be McDonald's. I'll have it my way, and you'll be lovin' it.
I would like to thank everybody that stuck by my side for those five long minutes my house didn't have internet.
My speech today will be like a mini-skirt. Long enough to cover the essentials but short enough to hold your attention!
Why couldn't the bike stand up on it's own? It was two tired.
Does time fly when you're having sex or was it really just one minute?
My aunt's star sign was cancer, pretty ironic how she died. She was eaten by a giant crab.
Doc says, "Joe, I got some bad news for you. You've got six months to live."
Joe says, "Six months? Doc, I can't pay your bill in six months, I can't do it!"
Doc says, "OK, I give you a year..."
Just asked my wife what she's "burning up for dinner" and it turned out to be all of my personal belongings.
You're so beautiful that last night you made me forget my pickup line.
I like birthdays, but I think too many can kill you.
Google is definitely a woman, it starts suggesting things before you can even finish your sentence.
Always identify who to blame in an emergency.
What do you call people who are afraid of Santa Claus? Claustrophobic
What's a nice ghoul like you doing in a crypt like this?
The human brain is one of the most complex objects in the universe. Is it any wonder that so many people never learn to use it.
Behind every successful student, there is a deactivated Facebook account.
They say St. Patrick drove the snakes out of Ireland. I wonder if he could do that for Congress.
Yesterday, I fell down from a 10 meter ladder. Thank God I was on the third step.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put "U" and "I" together.
Don't worry guys, my wife just turned the car radio down so we shouldn't be lost much longer.
My psychiatrist said I was pre-occupied with the vengeance I told him "oh yeah we'll see about that!"
The difference between "Girlfriend" and "Girl Friend" is that little space in between we call the "Friend Zone".
The downside of dating intelligent women is having to Google the names they call you when it ends badly.
Girl, if you were a dinosaur, you'd be a Gorgeousaurus
Seek knowledge from cradle to the grave.
What is the difference between "ooooooh"and "aaaaaaah"? About three inches. 
When Miley Cyrus gets naked & licks a hammer it's "art" & "music". But when I do it, I'm "drunk" and "have to leave the hardware store".
Having sex in an elevator is wrong on so many levels.
Doing things that you are not supposed to do at work makes your vision, hearing and alertness much better.
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father in law.
I bought a box of condoms earlier today. The cashier asked if I'd like a bag. I said "nah, I'll just turn the lights off."
3 people having sex is a threesome, 2 is a twosome. So next time someone calls you 'HANDSOME', don't take it as a compliment!
What's a mixed feeling? When you see your mother-in-law backing off a cliff in your new car. 
Why can't women read maps? Only the male mind can comprehend the concept of one inch equaling a mile.
Did you hear about the Italian chef with a terminal illness? He pastaway.
Porn is so unrealistic, my stepdad hated me.
If you believe that the quickest way to a man's heart is the stomach, you know that you are aiming a little too high.
The first time I got a universal remote control, I thought to myself "This changes everything".
A woman never wakes up her second baby just to see it smile.
Do German cats have multiple lives? Nein.
Retirement is wonderful. It's doing nothing without worrying about getting caught at it.
If I ever need a heart transplant, I'd want my ex's. It's never been used.
Where do they get the seeds to plant seedless watermelons?
The best time to start thinking about your retirement is before the boss does.
As a wizard, I enjoy turning objects into a glass. Just wanted to make that clear.
Forget hydrogen, you're my number one element.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
We come to love not by finding a perfect person... but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
3 men are stranded in a boat with 4 cigarettes and no way to light them. So they toss the 4th cigarette overboard, which makes the whole boat a cigarette lighter.
I walked past a homeless guy with a sign that read, "One day, this could be you." I put my money back in my pocket, just in case he's right.
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.
People who say they've lost their voice are lying.
How is Columbia not a superpower yet? They produce cocaine and coffee.
I have an inferiority complex but it's not a very good one.
Top 3 situations that require witnesses:
1) Crimes
2) Accidents 
3) Marriages
Need I say more?
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Alzheimer's can't be that bad. You get to meet new people everyday.
I used to be in a band, we were called 'lost dog'. You probably saw our posters.
In 20 years, I bet there's going to be a college course called eye contact.
Children seldom misquote you. In fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
I saw a guy on his motorcycle and the back of his shirt said "If you can read this the b*tch fell off."
Never tell your problems to anyone...20% don't care and the other 80% are glad you have them...
Whenever i have a headache,i take two asprins and keep away the children,like the bottle says
I had my credit card stolen the other day but I didn't bother to report it because the thief spends less than my wife.
Why is it everything I love is either unhealthy, addicting or has multiple restraining orders against me?
If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made with meat?
Dont stop! I dont usually get to see beauty in motion
Do you believe in love at first sight or do i pass by you again.
Living on earth may be expensive, but it includes an annual free trip around the sun.
Me: *sneaks out of the house* *drives to another state* *hides in a cave* *quietly opens a bag of chips* My kids: Can we have some?
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
Get a new car for your spouse - it'll be a great trade!
My doctors office has two doctors on call at all times. Is that considered a pair a docs.
When The Hulk goes off into a vicious rage and destroys everything, he's "Incredible." But when I do it, I'm "an alcoholic."
Wifi went down during family dinner tonight. One kid started talking and I didn't know who he was.
Becoming a father is easy enough, but being one can be very rough.
How did Jesus' crucifixion save us? It's 'cause he nailed it!
What's the most dangerous part of a motorcycle? The nut that connects the seat to the handlebar.
If you can go to the gym without telling people on the Internet, you are instantly hired by the CIA.
People don't get my puns. They think they're funny.
How do trees access the internet? They log in.
Transitional age is when during a hot day you don't know what you want – ice cream or beer.
I think it's wrong that only one company makes the game Monopoly.
My five-year-old: "I don't want to be your daughter anymore. I QUIT!" No two-week notice or anything. She'd better not expect a reference.
If your wife wants to learn to drive, don't stand in her way.
Someone donates one kidney and is hailed as a hero. I donate five, and get arrested?
I always tell new hires, don't think of me as your boss, think of me as your friend who can fire you.
Two ADV riders camping out in a tent. One of them crawls out to pee before bed. Comes back all wet. The other rider asks if it's rainy outside. "No - it's windy!"
Dream carefully, because dreams come true.
Why don't black people go on cruises... because they aren't falling for that again.
I hate insects puns, they really bug me.
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
If what you don't know can't hurt you, you're invulnerable.
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm.
The depressing thing about tennis is that no matter how good I get, I'll never be as good as a wall.
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.
Clinging on to past and living is like driving forward while watching the rear view mirror...
Did you hear about the depressed plumber? He's been going through some shit.
By the time a man realises that his father was right, he has a son who thinks he's wrong.
The light at the end of the tunnel has been turned off due to budget cuts.
Took my dog to a bonfire and as he sat there staring at it blankly I realized he loves sticks. I was burning a giant pile of his toys.
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
How can you spot the blind guy at the nudist colony? It's not hard.
I've reached the age where looking in the mirror is like checking the news. I know there'll be some new developments I won't like.
If i had a dollar for every girl that found me unattractive, they would eventually find me attractive.
I know I know, smoking's bad for me and all. But, my mama told me never to be a quitter.
You have the nicest syntax I've ever seen.
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
Grandma's been staring through the window ever since it started to snow. If it gets any worse I'll have to let her in.
I don't think it's possible for me to become a sniper. Not by a long shot.
Time is what keeps things from happening all at once. 
Why can't two Asian's have a white baby? Because two Wong's don't make a white!
My girlfriend tried to make me have sex on the hood of her Honda Civic. I refused. If I'm going to have sex, it's going to be on my own Accord.
I'm changing my name to 'Benefits' on Facebook. Next time someone adds me, It will say "you are now friends with Benefits."
My ex wrote to me: Can you delete my number? I responded: Who is this?
I'm glad to see you're not letting your education get in the way of your ignorance.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
Why did the bee get married? Because he found his honey.
Give me ambiguity or give me something else.
What is the difference between men and women? A woman wants one man to satisfy her every need...A man wants every woman to satisfy his one need.
My wife and I always compromise. I admit I'm wrong and she agrees with me.
You'll never have a successful relationship with a woman if you can't tell the difference between a smile and a warning.
How did they invent break dancing? Trying to steal the hubcaps off a moving car.
I don't suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it.
Today, my son asked "Can I have a book mark?" and I burst into tears. 11 years old and he still doesn't know my name is Brian.
Nothing ruins a Friday more than an understanding that today is Tuesday.
I love what you've done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
What's the difference between black people and snow tires? Snow tires don't sing when you put chains on them.
"I'm sorry" and "I apologize" mean the same thing... except when you're at a funeral.
How many of you believe in telekinesis? Raise MY hand!
Last Father's Day my son gave me something I always wanted: the keys to my car.
Why did God make man before woman? You need a rough draft before you have a final copy.
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.
Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time.
Not hiring someone because they have tattoos completely ignores the fact that they clearly have no issues with pain or commitment.
Those who can, do. Those who can't, teach. Those who can't teach become Secretary of Education.
You give me Epsilon, I give you Delta. Together, we find limits.
Failure is not an option—it comes bundled with the software.
Why don't the enemies of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles just flip them on their backs?
I'm not sure if I lost my camo pants or if they're just doing a really good job.
I called a suicide hotline in Afghanistan. They got all excited and asked if I could drive a truck.
Edit: Wow, can't believe this blew up.
I saw my dad chopping up onions today and I cried. Onions was a good dog.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
Teacher: "Which book has helped you the most in your life?" 
Student: "My father's check book!"
It's ok computer, I go to sleep after 20 minutes of inactivity too.
Don't let a man put anything over on you except an umbrella.
My internet is so slow, it's just faster to drive to the Google headquarters and ask them shit in person.
Being a hypochondriac is going to save my life one of these days
Never test the depth of the water with both feet.
Anger; the feeling that makes your mouth work faster than your mind.
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
Aha, I see the Fuck-Up Fairy has visited us again! 
A study of economics usually reveals that the best time to buy anything was last year.
First woman: My son came to visit for summer vacation. 
Second woman: How nice! Did you meet him at the airport? 
First woman: Oh, no. I've known him for years!
How did the telephone propose to his girlfriend? He gave her a ring.
I got in a fight one time with a really big guy, and he said, "I'm going to mop the floor with your face." I said, "You'll be sorry." He said, "Oh, yeah? Why?" I said, "Well, you won't be able to get into the corners very well."
You're sweeter than 3.14
Every time someone calls me fat I get so depress I cut myself... a piece of cake.
My girlfriend's such a bad cook, she uses the smoke alarm as a timer.
I recently got a new Korean mechanic but it's hard to understand him - he speaks with a Hyundai Accent!
I was going to give him a nasty look, but he already had one.
I don't think you are stupid. You just have a bad luck when thinking.
It's always a good idea to make friends with babies. That's free cake once a year for a lifetime.
What makes men chase women they have no intention of marrying? The same urge that makes dogs chase cars they have no intention of driving.
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar. You can't tell me that's just a coincidence!
I'm black in complexion, not dark in color.
Her: "Do you like cats?"
Me flipping menu: "What page are you on?"
Maybe adults aren't afraid of monsters under the bed anymore because we know that if we get eaten by one we won't have to go to work the next day.
Definition of Boss: Someone who is early when you are late and late when you are early.
There are two rules for success: 1) Don't tell all you know.
I think you press "0" to be connected with customer service because that's the amount of help they give you.
Did you hear about the monkeys who shared an Amazon account? They were prime mates.
Accidentally pooped my pants in the elevator. I'm taking this shit to a whole new level.
A TV can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a computer.
My superpower is making people laugh. Which would be great if I was trying to be funny.
Never break someone's heart because they have only one inside...break their bones because they have 206 of them.
Therapist: Fuck anyone who doesn't like you. Me: Wow, that's a lot of sex
Roses are red, Violets are blue. I've got five fingers, The middle one is for you.
I sleep better naked…why can't the flight attendant understand this?
How do people lose their kids at the mall? Seriously, any tips would be greatly appreciated.
Sometimes, when I am matching socks, I think, "What if these two socks don't even like each other?"
We can always tell when you are lying. Your lips move.
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
I would ask you how old you are but I know you can't count that high.
I think men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage. They've experienced pain and bought jewelry.
I am a nobody, nobody is perfect, therefore I am perfect.
A man to a woman," Did you see my watch? I was so busy that I didn't have time to find it."
The trouble with learning from experience is that you never graduate.
Q: What do you call a cow with a twitch? A: "Beef Jerky!"
A hole was found in the wall of a nudist camp. The police are looking into it.
If your going to be two faced at least make one of them pretty.
Parenting is filled with wonder. Like wondering why your 4 years old raced into the kitchen and quietly grabbed a handful of napkins.
Sometimes waking up means the best part of your day is over!
Hi, can I follow you home tonight? Sorry, that came out a little strong, my mom always told me to follow my dreams.
We are born naked, wet and hungry. Then things get worse.
They say you are what you eat, so lay off the nuts.
That awkward moment when you're in a meeting and your stomach decides to sound like a dying whale.
I like you. You remind me of when I was young and stupid. 
Wouldn't exercise be more fun if calories screamed while you burned them?
There's nothing like the joy on a kid's face when he first sees the PlayStation box containing the socks I got him for Christmas.
I am so poor I can't even pay attention.
There is only 4 inches distance between 2 holes.
Always select the right one.
Remember, children. The best way to get a puppy for Christmas is to beg for a baby brother.
Every time you talk to your wife, your mind should remember that... 'This conversation will be recorded for Training and Quality purpose'
I got caught in police speed trap yesterday. The officer walked up to my car and said "I've been waiting all day for you " Well I said. I got here as fast as I could.
How come "you're a peach" is a complement but "you're bananas" is an insult? Why are we allowing fruit discrimination to tear society apart?
Congratulations, If you press the elevator button three times it goes into hurry mode – really...
Middle age is when you're faced with two temptations and you choose the one that will get you home by nine o'clock.
How do you know an Asians just robbed your house? Your homework is done and he's still trying to get out with your car.
I've decided to sell my Hoover... well, it was just collecting dust.
I used to wonder why Frisbees looked bigger the closer it came... Then it hit me!
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
Why didn't the man report his stolen credit card? The thief was spending less then his wife.
You're not old until a teenager describes you as middle-aged.
I haven't spoken to my wife for 18 months- I don't like to interrupt her.
My IQ test results just came in and I'm really relieved. Thank God it's negative.
You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.
Accidentally called 911. Set my house on fire to not look stupid.
Masturbation is like procrastination, it's all good and fun until you realize you are only fucking yourself!
Isn't it scary that doctors call what they do "practice"?
I start every conversation with my employees by saying, "I shouldn't be telling you this" just so I know they will listen.
Finally got around to watching Back To The Future... It's about time.
You're so beautiful you made me forget my pick up line.
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
What do you call an academically successful slice of bread? An honor roll.
Early to bed, early to rise makes people suspicious.
I told my mom I'm happy and she said: "I didn't know you were gay."
If you enjoy arguing about lunches at 6 AM I can't recommend parenting highly enough.
I don't think you act stupid, I'm sure it's the real thing.
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
Refusing to go to the gym counts as resistance training, right?
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
You look like a before picture.
What do you call Watson when Sherlock isn't around? Holmeless.
I was going to share a vegetable joke but it's corny.
What do you call a cow during an earthquake? A milkshake.
Remember, everyone seems normal until you get to know them...
Are you a sheep cause your body is unbaaaaalievable
The lesson of Halloween is that pretending to be something you're not will lead to a sweet reward.
Archeologist: someone whose carreer lies in ruins.
Never tell a woman that her place is in the kitchen. That's where the knives are kept.
Don't steal. That's the government's job.
Teacher: "Are you sleeping in my class?"
Student: "Well now I´m not but if you could be a little quieter I could."
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
My love is like communism; everyone gets a share, and it's only good in theory.
What is the best Christmas present ever? A broken drum - you can't beat it!
Why call someone when you can just decide where you and your friend want to meet by exchanging 76 text messages?
Why does it feel like time slows down during the day when you're at work and rapidly speeds up at night when you get home?
I just found an origami porn channel, but it is paper view only.
How is a woman like a condom? Both spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.
Death is not the worst which can happen to men: Plato (After getting friend zoned)
My computer's got Miley Virus. It has stopped twerking.
What's a man's idea of foreplay? A half hour of begging.
Education is important but other stuff is more importanter.
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.
You sound a lot like the Terms and Conditions, that's why I don't give a shit about what you have to say.
Currently the flower business is blooming.
Did you hear about the 2 silk worms in a race? It ended in a tie!
What do sea monsters eat for lunch? Fish and ships.
My calling in life went straight to voicemail.
If tomatoes are technically a fruit, is ketchup technically a smoothie?
Any room is a panic room if you've lost your phone in it.
You are living proof that manure can sprout legs and walk.
If you don't like the news, go out and make some.
The nurse at the sperm bank asked me if I'd like to masturbate in the cup. I said, "Well, I'm pretty good, but I don't think I'm ready to compete just yet."
Q: Did you hear about the man with a broken left arm and broken left leg?
A: Don't worry he's "ALRIGHT" now!
What's your best non swearing insult? I hope you step on a lego.
Everything happens for a reason; unfortunately, sometimes the reason is you.
Baby, you make my floppy disk turn into a hard drive
How can you be so sad when you are so beautiful?
When I get a dog I'm going to name him five miles so I can say I walk five miles every day.
How do you know when Santa's in the room? You can sense his presents.
My wife was furious at me for kicking dropped ice cubes under the refrigerator. But now it's just water under the fridge.
What type of hotel do black people tend to stay in the most during the holiday months? The local police station.
What do you call an elevater filled with white people? A box of crackers.
Q: What did one ocean say to the other ocean? 
A: Nothing, they just waved.
If procrastionation was an Olympic sport, I'd compete in it later.
Do I know you? Cause you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
I've been repeating the same mistakes in life for so long now, I think I'll start calling them traditions.
Did you know that your body is made 70% of water? And now I'm thirsty.
Playing with a toddler is half play and half self-defense.
You're like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
If shit was music, you'd be an orchestra.
I think I'll tell my kids that the Titanic sunk because Jack and Rose had sex before marriage.
It is much easier to apologize than to ask permission. 
Everyone has a photographic memory, some don't have film.
Shouldn't you be on top of the tree, Angel?
We must be subatomic particles, because I feel strong force between us.
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.
I'd like to see things from your point of view, but I can't seem to get my head that far up your ass.
You know your children are growing up when they stop asking you where they came from and refuse to tell you where they're going.
Three words to ruin a man's ego...? "Is it in?"
"Doctor, I'm addicted to 'The Family Feud' game show. What's wrong with me?
Doctor: "Well, the survey says..."
Misspell one word and the whole text is urined.
They tell you that you'll lose your mind when you grow older. What they don't tell you is that you won't miss it very much.
The elevator to success is out of order. You'll have to use the stairs... one step at a time.
Karma takes too long, I'd rather beat the shit out of you just now.
I'm tired of people assuming I've got a good personality because I'm ugly.
Sometimes I wish life had subtitles.
Everything becomes 100 times louder when you're trying not to wake someone up.
Ok, what's the latest possible date that I can still make something of my life?
If a man speaks in the forest and there is no woman there to hear it... is he still wrong?
I'm at the age where I have to make a noise when I bend over. It's the law.
My buddy set me up on a blind date & said, "Heads up, she's expecting a baby." Felt like an idiot sitting in the bar wearing just a diaper.
Unexpected sex is a great way to be woken up... If you're not in prison.
If Bill Gates had a penny for every time I had to reboot my computer ...oh wait, he does.
Why are women like KFC? After you've finished with the thigh and breasts, all you have left is a greasy box to put your bone in.
You do realize makeup isn't going to fix your stupidity?
Weddings and funerals are the same because I love going but I don't want them to be about me.
Aww, it's so cute when you try to talk about things you don't understand.
A black guy and a Mexican guy opened a restaurant. It's called Nacho Mama.
I feel so tired every time I meet you... Why? Because whenever I look into your eyes I can't find the way out.
Silence doesn't mean your sexual performance left her speechless.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list.
No woman ever falls in love with a man unless she has a better opinion of him than he deserves.
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it.
What is the name of an Asian pilot who died in a plane crash? Sum Ting Wong.
 Why do Retirees smile all the time? Because they can't hear a word you're saying!
Latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the world's population.
Mom! I'm a 3d printer! Oh come on, Johnny, close the door when you poop.
Books are just TV for smart people.
I always wanted to marry an Archeologist. The older I would get, the more interested she would become!
The best time to open a gift is the present.
My first child has gone off to college and I feel a great emptiness in my life. Specifically, in my checking account.
Wife: "Honey? What do you think about my teeth?"
Husband: "They remind me of stars... yellow and far apart."
I bet you I could stop gambling.
What do snowmen eat for breakfast? Frosted Flakes!
Comedy is tragedy plus time.
Sometimes I wake up grumpy; other times I let her sleep.
Did you hear about the math teacher who's afraid of negative numbers? He will stop at nothing to avoid them.
Why doesn't the bike stand by itself? Because it's two tired.
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste.
I remember being in so much debt that I couldn't afford my electricity bills, it was a dark time.
Taking my husband's last name doesn't mean I'm not a feminist it means I don't want anyone I went to high school with to be able to find me ever again.
I'm trying to date a philosophy professor, but she doesn't even know if I exist or not.
I'm not a doctor but I know adding cheese to anything makes it an antidepressant.
"Are you ready to rock?" 
Scissors: "No."
Boss: "You're fired."
Me slam fist on the couch: "You woke me up for this?"
Taxes are the price we pay for a civilization. In light of recent results, I want my money back.
I just had a near-sex experience... My wife flashed before my eyes.
I lost my job as a stage designer,
I wasn't very happy but left without making a scene.
Why did the cross-eyed teacher lose her job? Because she couldn't control her pupils.
My boyfriend said he didn't have a date that same day I caught him eating one.
I found there was only one way to look thin: hang out with fat people.
The last airline I flew charged for everything. Except for the bad service. That was free.
Every so often, I like to go to the window, look up, and smile for a satellite picture.
Never underestimate a woman's ability to make anything your fault.
For Sale: Parachute. Only used once, never opened.
I'd kill for a Nobel Peace Prize.
I don't have a beer gut, I have a protective covering for my rock hard abs.
I'm hosting a charity event for people who struggle to reach orgasm. If you can't come, let me know.
I always adjust the seat and mirrors when I drive my husband's car so he doesn't forget he's married.
Teacher: "I asked you to draw a cow and grass, but I only see a cow. Where is grass?" 
Student: "The cow ate the grass, sir."
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
For every action, there is a corresponding over-reaction.
Girls are like roads, more the curves, more the dangerous they are.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all stupid people.
How do you make your wife scream during sex? Call her and tell her about it.
I may love to shop but I'm not buying your bullshit.
It is very easy to become a superman, you just have to change the sequence of clothes while wearing.
You are so ugly when you looked in the mirror your reflection walked away.
How long have I been working for this company? Ever since they threatened to fire me.
Fishermen are reel men.
Having nutrition information on a bag of Cheetos is like having dating tips on a box of Crocs.
Oh, what? Sorry. I was trying to imagine you with a personality. 
90% of women don't like men in pink shirts. Ironically, 90% of men in pink shirts don't like women.
No matter how much you push the envelope, it'll still be stationery.
There are 12 things, people do when they haven't prepared a speech. They lie, tell stories and exaggerate.
What do a grenade and a woman have in common? You remove the ring and your whole house is gone.
The hardness of butter is directly proportional to the softness of the bread.
By the time you learn the rules of life, you're too old to play the game.
What do you get when you cross a snoman and a vampire? Frost bite.
Waking up this morning was an eye-opening experience.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
Going to attempt a Mexican joke. Hope it's a good Juan!
What is a baptized Mexican called? Bean dip.
The best things in life are free *plus shipping and handling*
Hell is wallpapered with all your deleted selfies.
What should you do if your girlfriend starts smoking? Slow down and use a lubricant.
I overdosed on Viagra once. The hardest day of my life.
What is the longest website domain name? smiles.com because there is a "mile" between the s's!
Stupidity comes in all shapes and sizes. Some of them even look like people.
There may be no excuse for laziness, but I'm still looking.
I quit my job at the helium gas factory, I refuse to be talked to in that tone of voice!
If you want breakfast in bed, sleep in the kitchen.
You are so old, when you were a kid rainbows were black and white.
I like to finish other people's sentences because... my version is better.
As I handed my Dad his 50th birthday card, he looked at me, with tears in his eyes and said, "You know, one would have been enough."
I bet you $4,567.89 you can't guess how much I owe my bookie.
There is no dance without the dancers.
If anything is possible, is it possible for something to be impossible?
If I wanted to hear from an asshole, I'd fart.
Whenever my wife packs me a salad for lunch all I wanna know is what I did wrong.
Your smile must be a black hole, nothing can escape its pull.
I want to be something really scary for Halloween this year so I'm dressing up as a phone battery at 2%.
Haikus are easy. But sometimes they don't make sense. Refrigerator.
Why do they lock gas station bathrooms? Are they afraid someone will clean them?
You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
My wife complained that the vacuum sucks too hard on the rugs and I made a joke... anyway, I'm sleeping on the couch tonight.
Ordinarily people live and learn. You just live.
Any married man should forget his mistakes, there's no use in two people remembering the same thing.
Anyone who wanted to sell fish had to get permission from grandpa. He was known as the cod father.
I got a part in a movie called "Cocaine". I only have one line.
You know when you're getting older by remembering the past embarrassment of not zipping up your fly but now hoping you remember when to unzip.
I'm taking part in a stair climbing competition. Guess I better step up my game.
Cashier: "How would you like to pay for this."
Me: "Not at all."
Weddings are an expensive way to let your entire family know you are fucking that night.
I just read an article about the dangers of drinking that scared the crap out of me. That's it. No more reading!
How to lose an argument with a woman: 1) Argue.
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific.
Up until I bought this bag of chips I thought the air was free.
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it.
Coffee, Chocolate, Men. Some things are just better rich.
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
Social life? You mean my phone?
Well son, in the '90s, there was no drooling emoji. You had to show up at a girl's door and actually drool.
It takes patience to listen.. it takes skill to pretend you're listening.
My obese parrot died. It was a real weight off of my shoulder.
Wolverine is a man of many talons, isn't he?
Why do Norwegians build their own tables? No Ikea!
My breathalyzer results came back and I'm 100% cutting my own hair later.
Every function without you will always be void of love.
Sometimes, when I close my eyes, I can't see.
I ran out of poker chips so used dry fruits for playing instead. People went nuts when they saw me raisin the stakes.
Someone broke into my house last night and stole my Limbo stick. How low can you get?
A garage sale is actually a Garbage sale but the "b" is silent.
Adults are always asking little kids what they want to be when they grow up because they're looking for ideas.
When I die, I hope I have enough time to point at a complete stranger and whisper "You did this."
Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one.
I received a call from the school telling me my son is constantly lying. I said "Tell him he's a good liar. I don't have a son."
Hard work never killed anyone, but why take the chance?
What happened when the semicolon broke grammar laws? It was given two consecutive sentences.
China has largest population not because the men are extra horny nor women are extra fertile, but because their condoms are 'Made in China'.
I cooked Pancakes this morning. I was thrilled but my kids weren't. Apparently, he was their favorite rabbit.
I put the "fun" in dysfunctional. 
I would love to insult you... but that would be beyond the level of your intelligence.
What did the painter say to her boyfriend? "I love you with all my art!"
The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the ability to reach it.
Whats the difference between your girlfriend and a walrus? One has a moustache and smells of fish and the other is a walrus.
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. "Yes" is the answer.
Why do women love Chinese food? Because WON TON spelled backward is NOT NOW!
Did you get those yoga pants on sale? Because at my house they're 100% off,
I used to work at a fire hydrant factory couldn't park nowhere near the place.
Two dogs are walking along a street. They are passed by a third dog driving a lorry load of logs. One turns to the other and says: "He started fetching a stick and built up the business from there."
Let me tell you the difference between a good joke and a bad joke... timing.
Absolutely furious that a handful of things not suited to my taste are well liked by others.
Yes, money cannot buy you happiness, but I'd still feel a lot more comfortable crying in a new BMW than on a bike.
What do ghosts serve for dessert? I Scream.
I take my wife everywhere, but she keeps finding her way back.
If I'd shot you sooner, I'd be out of jail by now.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
Chaos, panic, & disorder - my work here is done.
What do the Mafia and a pussy have in common? One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit.
Maybe it's not global warming. Maybe it's just planetary menopause.
Where do sick boats go to get healthy? To the dock!
If bullshit could float...you'd be the Admiral of the fleet! 
What's the difference between a slut and a bitch? A slut will have sex with anyone, a bitch will have sex with anyone but you.
Your gene pool could use a little chlorine.
You have the perfect face for radio.
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble.
The only time a woman wishes that she were a year older is when she is expecting a baby.
It's scary to think that people like you are graduating from college.
You're about as useless as an asshole with tastebuds.
The good Lord didn't create anything without a purpose, but mosquitoes come close.
All those years of getting horrible elementary school pictures was just society's way of preparing you for your driver's license photo.
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
The doctor told his patient to stop using a Q-tip, but it went in one ear and out the other.
You're so fat, you could sell shade.
I think the only time my ex didn't fake an orgasm was when the judge signed the divorce papers.
I had prepared for a battle of wits but I see you came unarmed.
My teenage angst has lasted 30 years.
Diplomacy is the art of sending someone to hell in the way that they are looking forward to it.
If money really did grow on trees, what would be everyone's favorite season? Fall.
Every morning is the dawn of a new error.
If homework goes too easy you are doing it wrong.
Why did the duck go to rehab? Because he was a quack addict!
Just took a power nap on a park bench. Made $7.30 in change.
My landlord says he needs to come talk to me about how high my heating bill is. I told him, "My door is always open".
I was setting a voice recognition password for my new phone and a nearby dog barked and ran away. Now I am still looking for the dog to unlock my phone.
My parents, age 25: "We have a mortgage, a baby and a pension plan!"
Me, age 25: "It's 3am and i can't afford an uber good thing i wore my running shoes!"
Losing a wife can be very tough. Some may even say impossible.
The hotel has a live band and my favourite song is "We're going for a break now, we'll be back later".
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
How many times do I have to flush before you go away? 
I always take life with a grain of salt, ...plus a slice of lemon, ...and a shot of tequila.
Why didn't Cupid shoot his arrow at the lawyer's heart? Because even Cupid can't hit a target that small.
Why did Martin Luther King Jr. boycott laundry detergent? Because it told him to keep his whites and colors separate.
I had a job tying sausages together, but I couldn't make ends meet.
What's the difference between a G-Spot and a golf ball? A guy will actually search for a golf ball.
The human brain is a wonderful thing. It starts working the moment you are born, and never stops until you stand up to speak in public.
I was putting mustard on my sandwich and I had that strange feeling I had already done that. I was experiencing De'-Jonvu!
Hung a picture up on the wall the other day. Nailed it.
When an employment application asks who is to be notified in case of emergency, I always write, "A very good doctor".
Hit snooze until the panic sets in.
A guy goes to a club; the bouncer stops him. "No tie, no entry." He walks back to his car to find a tie. All he found were jumper cables so he puts them around his neck like a tie. He goes back and says "How's this?" The bouncer says "I'll let you in, but don't start anything."
A good time to keep your mouth shut is when you're in deep water.
Why does Beyoncé sing 'to the left, to the left'? Cause black people don't got any rights
For once in my life, I'd like to get up in the morning and be as excited about it as my penis.
My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. It got so bad, finally I had to take his bike away.
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
What did the stamp say to the envelope on Valentine's Day? "I'm stuck on you!"
My taste in men is so bad, the walk of shame for me is when I'm on my way to a date.
Autocorrect can go to He'll.
Secret: Something which is told to one person at a time.
I've never once been able to explain my car trouble to a mechanic without resorting to sound effects.
What underwear does clouds wear? Thunderwear!
I wanted to lose 10 pounds this year. Only 13 to go.
I am the only candidate for president willing to win the feral hog vote, even if it amounts to just 30-50.
Instead of comparing yourself to your peers, change it up and compare yourself to rocks. I am doing pretty good for a rock.
All men are not fools, there are still some bachelors.
I changed my password to "incorrect", so anytime I forget and enter the wrong thing, the computer tells me what it is.
Why was the horse so happy? Because he lived in a stable environment.
There are too many suicide jokes, end it.
Law professor: "You're currently failing your ethics class."
Me: *slides a $20 across the desk* "How about now."
What do you call a boat full of polite football players?
A good sportsman ship.
I made a mistake at the grocery store.
I went to get 6 Sprites. Accidentally picked 7up.
I tried to sue the airline for misplacing my luggage. I lost my case.
What do you call someone without a nose or a body? Nobodynose.
Q: What do you call the space between Kim Kardashian's breasts and butt cheeks?
A: Silicon Valley.
What if there were no hypothetical questions?
What do black people and bicycles have in common? Neither work without chains.
I wear two pairs of pants when I go golfing. People always ask me why I do. I say, "I wear two pants when's I golf just in case I get a hole-in-one.
My grandma always said "Slow and steady wins the race." She died in a fire.
I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe.
If you run in front of a car you'll get tired, but if you run behind the car you'll get exhausted.
What do you call a Russian procrastinator? Putinoff.
You're so sad that even Bob the Builder can't fix your life.
I never ask my kids to call me, I just change the Netflix password and then don't respond to their texts.
Q: What's that thing called when you're only attracted to married men and gay men?
A: Oh. Single. It's called single.
Dear Couples Who Fight In Public, stop trying to whisper and would it kill you to include some backstory.
Maybe you need a ladder to climb out of my business?
Working at a Hospital is the worst cause you can't call in sick. You: "Yeah, I can't come in today, I'm sick." Boss: "Come on in, we'll check you out."
As I get older and remember all the people I've lost along the way. I think to myself maybe a career as a tour guide wasn't for me.
I know Jiu-Jitsu, Sambo, Judo, Aikido and lots of other scary words.
Life is scary; at least the salary is funny.
What would you call a woman who goes out with You? Desperate! 
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
Why do men name their penises? Because they don't like the idea of having a stranger make 90% of their decisions.
42 percent of statistics are made up!
Golfer: "I'd move heaven and earth to break 100 on this course." 
Caddy: "Try heaven; you've already moved most of the earth."
"I ran a half marathon" sounds so much better than "I quit halfway through a marathon".
Women with pasts interest men... they hope history will repeat itself.
Sure boss, I'd love to take on some extra work, I have like 7-8 free hours a night where all I do is sleep anyway.
Not all math puns are terrible. Just sum.
So far eating hasn't filled the emptiness I feel inside, but I'm no quitter.
Progress is made by lazy men looking for an easier way to do things.
I am more pissed off than a dragon trying to blow out candles.
A huge thanks to the guy that just explained the word "many" to me. It means a lot.
A storm blew away only 25 % of my roof last night. Oof
Why is Christmas just like a day at the office? You do all the work and the fat guy with the suit gets all the credit.
Women think about sex every 7 seconds. Just not with you.
The sex was so good that even the neighbors had a cigarette.
If a person told you they were a pathological liar, should you believe them?
A woman marries a man expecting he will change, but he doesn't. A man marries a woman expecting that she won't change, and she does.
There is no key to a woman's heart. There's only a password that changes regularly.
I'm very pleased with my new fridge magnet. So far I've got twelve fridges.
Why don't cannibals eat clowns? They taste funny.
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things that give value to survival.
If Russians pronounce B's as V's then Soviet.
Every time I tell a punny cow joke, I butcher it.
I may not be the brightest nail in the bucket, but at least I have a point.
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
Why is "abbreviation" such a long word? 
My nephew found a cassette tape in my house. It was like watching early man discovered fire.
"Room service."
"Honeymoon salad."
"What's that?"
"Lettuce alone."
I love my life, but it just wants to be friends...
Doctor: "Sir, I'm afraid your DNA is backwards." Me: "And?"
Loneliness is when a person always knows where all of his things are.
I'm not lazy... I'm just on my energy saving mode.
You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.
When your kids are little you're a superhero. When they're teens you're a super villain. After that, your only power is invisibility.
Why did the picture end up in jail? It was framed!
Why do Swedish warships have barcodes on them? So when they dock they can Scandinavian.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Despite my specific instructions, no one that has listened to my voicemail has left me a massage after the beep.
I'm in shape. Round is a shape isn't it
What concert costs 45 cents? 50 Cent feat. Nickelback.
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is.
My wife pissed me off in my dream. When I woke up and told her about it she said it was probably something I started so I ended up apologizing and bought her flowers.
Help stamp out, eliminate and abolish redundancy!
Russian history in 5 words: "And then things got worse."
Masturbation always leads to sex. It's a gateway tug.
I think they picked me for my motivational skills. Everyone always says they have to work twice as hard when I'm around!
I WRITE ALL MY JOKES IN CAPITALS. THIS ONE WAS WRITTEN IN PARIS.
My daughter wants to be really scary this Halloween so instead of a costume, she is going to carry a school fundraising packet to every door.
My wife is going to qualify for free shipping no matter how much it costs.
Why did the coach go back to the bank? To get his quarterback!
We live in an age where mentioning you read a book seems a little bit like you're showing off.
I tried to catch some fog, I mist.
I need to start paying closer attention to stuff. Found out today my wife and I have separate names for the cat.
When I play rock, paper, scissors, people think I always choose scissors. They're wrong. I'm actually flashing a peace sign. Stop the violence.
What did the verb say when the words have, has, and had were removed from the English language? "Nobody's perfect!"
My resolution was to read more so I put the subtitles on my tv.
Did you hear about the guy with 5 dicks? His pants fit him like a glove.
I've put something aside for a rainy day. It's an umbrella.
Fridges should have glass doors.That way i dont have to stand with the fridge door open trying to figure out my next move.
Just saw two zombies on a date... and they say romance is dead.
To make mistakes is human. To blame someone else for your problem, is strategic.
How does a snowman get around? He rides an icicle!
Q: What happens to the man who lost his whole left side of his body? 
A: He is all right now.
Why did the students eat their homework? Because the teacher said that it was a piece of cake.
Some people say sex is bad for you... Those people are virgins.
Laugh and the world laughs with you. Snore and you sleep alone
Tim bought 2 goldfish and named them 1 and 2. If 1 died, he'll still have 2.
If the right side of the brain controls the left side of the body, then lefties are the only ones in their right mind.
To kick start my New Year: I took an IQ test and the results were negative.
Do you wanna lose ten pounds of ugly fat? Cut off your head.
Why didn't Noah swat those two mosquitoes?
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
All my dance moves look like i'm trying to tell the guy on first base to steal second..
If you dont believe in Oral Sex, keep your mouth shut
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
Adult: Someone who has stopped growing at both ends and now grows in the middle.
Whiteboards are remarkable.
What is the difference between a joke and 3 dicks? Your mom can't take a joke.
The best way to remember your wife's birthday is to forget it once.
They say "don't try this at home" so I'm coming over to your house to try it...
Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good.
Whoever said nothing is impossible is a liar. I've been doing nothing for years.
I sat next to a man on the park bench. He had 9 watches on one wrist and 5 in the other. I said man "you sure do have a lot of time on your hands."
I'm the type of person who tries to fall back asleep in the morning, just to finish a dream.
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man.
How do construction workers party? they raise the roof.
The biggest difference between men and women is what comes to mind when the word 'Facial' is used.
What's the difference between Santa and a Jew? Santa comes down the chimney.
Are you a Nice girl or Good girl?: NICE girls blush when they watch porn, GOOD girls smile cause they know they can do better.
If I ever use "Whatever" as a complete sentence, you better run.
I Googled "how to start a wildfire". I got 48,500 matches.
How many alcoholics does it take to change a light bulb? Two. One to hold the bulb, and one to drink until the room starts spinning.
I've never been very good at geography. But I can name at least one city in France, which is Nice.
I can tell people are judgmental just by looking at them.
If Apple built a house would it have windows?
My tennis opponent was not happy with my serve. He kept returning it.
You're proof that god has a sense of humor.
My cross-eyed wife and I just got a divorce. We didn't see eye to eye. I also found out she was seeing someone on the side.
STRESSED is just DESSERTS spelled backward.
A plateau is the highest form of flattery.
Talk is cheap. Until you hire a lawyer.
I think that if I died and went straight to hell it would take me at least a week to realize I wasn't at work anymore.
You can't buy love, but you pay heavily for it.
I'm an adult. I don't cry over spilt milk unless it has coffee in it.
My mother used to make me walk the plank when I was younger, we couldn't afford a dog.
I bought a new Japanese car. I turned on the radio... I don't understand a word they're saying.
Blind man walks into a bar... And a table, and a chair.
There's always something to be thankful for on Thanksgiving. Even if it's just not being a turkey.
Where does the Easter Bunny go to eat pancakes? To IHOP, of course!
Without nipples, breasts would be pointless.
What did the vegan say? I made a big missed steak.
The 3 stages of man: He believes in Santa Claus. He doesn't believe in Santa Claus. He is Santa Claus.
The janitor said he took out the trash last night, he must forgot a piece, what are you still doing here?
It's easier to remember your age if you don't change it every year.
It's not the fall that kills you; it's the sudden stop at the end.
Sarcasm is just one more service we offer.
The older you get, the more you need to keep a fire extinguisher close to the cake.
There are two types of guys: those who pee in the shower and those who don't admit it.
Nobody ever asks how Coca-Cola is doing. It's always, "Is Pepsi okay?"
Treat each day as your last, one day you will be right.
I was going to quit all my bad habits for the new year, but then I remembered that nobody likes a quitter.
Which day do chickens hate the most? Friday.
Well, here I am! What are your other two wishes?
Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia: Fear of long words.
Whats the difference between a jeweler and a jailer? One sells watches and one watches cells.
Would masturbating while smoking weed be considered masturblazing, weedwhacking, or highjacking?
White smoke from under my hood means either my starter went out or my car has elected a new Pope.
In democracy, it's your vote that counts. In feudalism, it's your count that votes.
You haven't experienced awkward until you try to tickle someone who isn't ticklish.
Some people say "If you can't beat them, join them". I say "If you can't beat them, beat them", because they will be expecting you to join them, so you will have the element of surprise.
Seen it all, done it all, can't remember most of it.
Diplomacy is saying "nice doggy" until you find a big rock.
I have kleptomania, but when it gets bad, I take something for it.
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not sure.
What has a head, a tail, and no body? A coin!
The kid drowned. All his mates showed up at his funeral with life jackets on. Because it's what he would've wanted.
My mind wants to dance but my body is a really awkward white guy.
My wife still hasn't told me what my New Year's resolutions are.
If Mayans could predict the future, why didn't they predict their extinction?
Sorry I'm late! I was at home sitting down.
My friend drowned in a bowl of muesli. He was pulled in by a strong currant.
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
I have won first place in this Halloween costume contest 16 years in a row. This year I am dressed as a hotdog. I'm on a roll.
Why was the tree excited about the future? It was ready to turn over a new leaf!
You're slower than a herd of turtles stampeding through peanut butter. 
What does "reading comprehension" even mean?
No matter how bad you are playing, it is always possible to play worse.
Sure, I'd love to help you out... now, which way did you come in?
I've found if you say "well well well" as soon as someone sits down across from you, you immediately get the upper hand for about 2 seconds.
People who live in stone houses shouldn't throw glasses.
Fathers Day is just like Mothers Day, only you don't spend as much.
Time is at once the most valuable and most perishable of all our possessions.
Give a Nigerian a fish he'll eat for a day. Teach a Nigerian to phish and he'll become a prince and start e-mailing people.
You can't have everything, where would you put it?
It turns out the answer to my problems wasn't at the bottom of this pint of ice cream, but the important thing is that I tried.
Just a reminder to all married people: If you have promised your wife or husband that you will love her 24/7, then today is 24/7!
Yo momma so fat she has more rolls than a bakery.
After kissing a girl on her sofa she said "let's take this upstairs"."Ok" I said "You grab one end and I'll grab the other"
What do a nearsighted gynecologist and a puppy have in common? A wet nose.
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta!
I'm drawn toward women who are beautiful when they are angry because once we start dating that's how they'll look 90% of the time.
The only one of your children who does not grow up and move away is your husband.
If you find yourself in a hole. Stop digging.
Your opinion is very important to me, please remain on the line until it goes to voicemail.
If you can't say something nice, say it to your husband... he's not listening anyway.
Laughing stock: cattle with a sense of humor.
What do you call a bunch of black kids in a swimming pool? Coco puffs.
What's the difference between a paycheck and a penis? You don't have to beg your wife to blow your paycheck.
I can cut down a tree only using my vision. It's true! I saw it with my own eyes!
Just remember, it's better to pay full price than to admit you're a senior citizen.
A mate said he saw several elderly men repairing shoes in the back of a van. I reckon it's a load of old cobblers.
Did I say feelings? I meant uhhh sandwiches. I have sandwiches for you.
Q: What happens once in a minute and twice in a moment but never in a decade?
A: The letter "m."
I can feel my personality turning a dull shade of grey when I talk to you.
Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
When I see ads on TV with smiling, happy housewives using a new cleaning product, the only thing I want to buy are the meds they must be on.
I've never played the bagpipes but I have carried a screaming three-year-old toddler over my shoulder.
As the joker said, if you are good at something why do it for free...
I'm multi-talented: I can talk and piss you off at the same time.
Concerning the absence of toilet paper, there should be complaint books laid out at publicly used places.
Cells multiply by dividing.
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
How do you make a fire with two sticks? Make sure one of them is a match!
Just got a job as senior director at Old McDonald's Farm. I'm the CIEIO.
What's six inches long, two inches wide, and drives women wild? Money.
I didn't know angels could fly so low.
But do you know what 6.9 is? A good thing screwed up by a period.
An opinion without 3.14159 is just an onion.
iPhone8 (X) has facial recognition. It looked at my face and told me that I can't afford it...
No one is listening until you make a mistake.
Those of you who think you know it all are damn annoying to those of us who do!
Know why Santa always smiles? He knows where all the naughty girls live!
Even paranoids have enemies.
What do you call blueberries playing the guitar? A jam session.
Is it good or bad if your vacuum sucks?
How does a cup steal from you? He mugs you.
Well, this day was a total waste of makeup.
I became a vegetarian – switched to weed.
What is an astronaut's favorite key on a keyboard? Space!
Somebody stole my mood ring and I'm not quite sure how I feel about that..
I've seen people like you, but I had to pay admission!
I hope the guy who invented Autocorrect burns in hello!
I heard Jesus was a gangster... he had a few wise guys looking out for him that's for sure.
What did the tree say to autumn? Leaf me alone.
I applied for a job today and they ask for three references. I wrote, "a dictionary, a Thesaurus, and a map."
Why do Java developers wear glasses? Beacause they cant C#.
Your cock is so small you could use it to floss teeth.
If I could meet my brain the first thing I would probably say is: "It was truly and sincerely horrible working with you."
If a fire-fighter's business can go up in smoke, and a plumber's business can go down the drain, can a hooker get laid off?
I trapped a couple of vegans in my basement. At least I think they're vegan. They keep shouting 'lettuce leaf!'
Trump should not have said "shit-hole countries". The correct term is "turd-world countries".
For Valentines Day I have been contemplating my current and past relationships. I organized the data and plotted it using an Ex-Axis and a Why-Axis.
Think Im Sarcastic? Watch Me Pretend To Care!
I'm in a long distance relationship. My girlfriend is in the future.
Teacher: "Where was the Constitution of India signed?" 
Student: "At the bottom of the page!"
Behind every successful man, you'll find a woman who has nothing to wear.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
How do you know the handprint on the wet paint was left by a man? Because they can't look and not touch.
My resumé is just a list of things I hope you never ask me to do.
Will glass coffins be a success? Remains to be seen.
My name is John but you can call me tonight.
Erotic is using a feather, kinky is using the whole chicken...
Did you hear about the pessimist who hates German sausage? He always fears the Wurst.
True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable.
A nigger says to his doctor: "Each time I have sex with a white girl my eyes hurt." "Yes, you are probably allergic to pepper spray."
Some people have skeletons in their closet. I have a whole graveyard!
What do you call a Mexican with a vasectomy? A dry Martinez.
Whats long and hard and has cum in it? A cucumber.
I remember when Halloween was the scariest night of the year. Now, it's Election night.
What does a skeleton orders at a restaurant? Spare ribs.
You never realize what you have until it's gone. Toilet paper, for example.
Teachers who take class attendance are absent-minded.
I've got a phobia of over-engineered buildings. It's a complex complex complex.
Work hard and save your money and when you are old you will be able to buy the things only the young can enjoy.
He doesn't know the meaning of fear... but then again, he doesn't know the meaning of MOST words.
What's the difference between a Harley and a vacuum cleaner? The position of the dirtbag.
The best way to keep a job is to work at it!
There are no winners in life ...only survivors.
I assert dominance over millennials by responding to their texts with phone calls.
How do you know Adam and Eve weren't black? Ever try and take a rib from a black.
When people won't talk to me, it doesn't bother me. When a dog won't let me pet them, man, that really hurts.
What do people wear in a trench? Trench coats.
That awkward moment when you're about to hug someone sexy as hell and then you hit the mirror.
I was going to make a joke about homosexuality, butt fuck it.
Hard to take women with false eyelashes seriously. It's like watching two tarantulas scream for attention.
He's as sharp as a bowling ball.
Do you know why I make puns? Because it's my respunsibility.
The person who invented the door knock won the No-bell prize.
Are you a computer whiz? it seems you know how to turn my software to hardware.
Electricity is dangerous. Shocking, ain't it?
Why are fish never good tennis players? They don't like getting close to the net.
I work to buy a car to go to work.
I made a graph of my past relationships. It has an ex axis and a why axis.
Lawyers really aren't so bad, it's just ninety-nine percent of lawyers that make the rest look bad.
A cement mixer and a prison bus crashed on the highway...
Police advise citizens to be on the lookout for a group of hardened criminals!
Why did the baseball player have difficulty dating? Because he always had trouble getting to first base.
I went to the sign store the other day but all they had were left-hand turn signs. I didn't buy one because I knew deep down it just wouldn't be right.
Why do mother kangaroos hate rainy days? Because their kids have to play inside!
I don't mean to brag but I'm helping a Nigerian Prince with a pretty serious financial matter. I can't really talk about it.
Me: "You said dress for the job you want." Boss: "Give me my clothes back."
Fathering two daughters seemed like a good idea, but then glitter.
Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't!
668 – The neighbour of the beast.
The last thing on earth you want to do will be the last thing you do.
Thank goodness! Testimony from your parrot is not admissible in court.
I'm already visualising the duct tape across your mouth.
Cancer cures smoking.
It's not a relationship until you argue about whose turn it is to apologize.
Life didn't work out, but everything else is not that bad.
Sorry I didn't respond to you just now. I was doing something productive and not wasting my precious time with your lowlife speeches.
What is the difference between a teacher and a train? One says, "Spit out your gum," and the other says, "Choo choo choo!"
I may not be Dairy Queen, baby, but I'll treat you right!
My daughter told me she wants to be a secret agent. Based on that alone, I don't think she'd be a good secret agent.
You stare at frozen juice cans because they say, "concentrate".
Before I buy a leaf blower I want to make sure I understand the rules. We just blow the leaves at each other's houses, right?
My Sister was crying so I asked her if she was having a cry-sis.
Scientists are concerned the legalization of marijuana in Canada may result in an entire nation of overly friendly and polite people.
What did the paper clip say to the magnet? I find you very attractive. 
All the dinosaurs were wiped out by an asteroid hitting the earth 66 million years ago... I'm sorry, but they shouldn't all have been standing in the same place.
Why don't oysters share their pearls? Because they're shellfish.
Happy 3 week anniversary to the 26 browser tabs I have open.
Went to quite a few stores to find the best prices for herbs... I think it was thyme well spent.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
At my job, I have 500 people under me. I'm a security guard at a cemetery.
I would make jokes about the sea, but they are too deep.
Give a man a gun and he will rob a bank. Give a man a bank and he will rob everyone.
What do you call a Black Wizard? A Negromancer.
I believe in respect for the dead; in fact, I could only respect you if you WERE dead.
What is the difference between snowmen and snowwomen? Snowballs.
What do you and your shower have in common? You both get wet when I turn you on.
If time is money are ATM's time machines?
I screamed at my neighbor, "What on earth are you doing on our roof!" 
He screamed back, "I saw you at the bar, and you said the drinks were on the house!"
A girl in a restaurant asked me "Are you single?". I happily replied "Yes". She took away the extra chair in front of me.
What do women and police cars have in common? They both make a lot of noise to let you know they are coming.
You so ugly when who were born the doctor threw you out the window and the window threw you back.
I married Miss Right. I just didn't know her first name was Always.
How does a man take a bubble bath? He eats beans for dinner.
Tea is like F5 to me, it's refreshing.
I started wearing skinny jeans because they're fashionable and I was tired of my wife respecting me as a man.
At this point in my life, my resume's "special skills" section just says: "pronounces Massachusetts towns" and "can nap on planes."
Life is an internet. 30 days after you met she wants you to register and begins taking taxes every month.
The Miss Universe pageant is fixed. All the winners are from Earth.
A female magician made her boyfriend vanish. How? By asking for a commitment.
I just read a book about Stockholm Syndrome. It was pretty bad at first, but by the end I kinda liked it.
What do you call a black guy who goes to college? A Basketball player.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on earth.
Marriage is the main reason for divorce.
Shock me, say something intelligent.
It's bad luck to be superstitious.
Tell me what you need, and I'll tell you how to get along without it. 
Today a fortune cookie told me that every exit is an entrance. Long story short, my girlfriend said no.
What do you call someone who is afraid of picnics? A basket case!
Never attribute to malice what can be adequately explained by stupidity.
I recently heard about a mannequin that lost all of his friends because he was so clothes minded!
A graduation ceremony is an event where the commencement speaker tells thousands of students dressed in identical caps and gowns that 'individuality' is the key to success.
I lost my job at the bank on my very first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
What do tofu and dildos have in common? They're both meat substitutes.
Don't judge women by kilos, and you won't be judged by centimeters.
My neighbor obviously doesn't watch porn, she asked me to fix her sink 2 hours ago and I'm still fixing her sink.
THANKS TO YOU I have learned that my prayers only get answered if I forward an e-mail to seven of my friends and make a wish within five minutes.
What do you have when you have two balls in your hand? A man's undivided attention!
I needed a password eight characters long so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
My new girlfriend works at the Zoo. I think she is a keeper.
The possibilities are endless, but I just want the good ones.
Becoming a parent is great. It's a beautiful and rewarding experience. It's almost as good as not becoming one.
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action.
Why do we bake cookies and cook bacon?
I eat the broken cookies first because I feel bad for them.
Warning: Dates in calendar are closer than they appear.
My prince is not coming on a white horse... He's obviously riding a turtle, and definitely lost.
Women who seek to be equal to men lack ambition.
Men are like bank accounts. Without a lot of money, they don't generate much interest.
Wife: "You're addicted to skin lotion!" 
Husband: "Go ahead. Rub it in my face."
Cats spend two thirds of their lives sleeping, and the other third making viral videos.
What does a baby computer call its father? Data.
Yesterday I decided to change my WiFi name to "Hack me if you can" and when I woke up this morning I saw the name changed to "Challenge accepted" somebody help.
There's no 'I' in team, but there is a 'U' in suck.
Sure, I may not be in a relationship, but I am three people's plan B and someone's maybe if we're ever the last two people on Earth.
What do you get if you cross an owl with a witch? A bird that's ugly but doesn't give a hoot!
I recently decided to sell my vacuum cleaner, all it was doing was gathering dust.
Anyone who says "good morning" on a Monday is a sociopath.
You have a room temperature IQ - if the room is in Antarctica.
It's not what man can create it's what man can become.
If the koreans cannot do it, they will tell you that they won do it.
Let's convert our potential energy into kinetic energy.
An old woman at a wedding told me that I'm next... so I said that to her at a funeral.
I am so single once I tried to change my Facebook status from single to relationship, captcha pops on my screen Facebook thought I may be a robot.
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
I'm gonna spend Valentine 's Day with my ex... Box 360.
I love when they drop the ball in Times Square. It's a nice reminder of what I did all year.
Do you want to know how I get all these insults? I use something called intelligence.
What do you call a mind reader who can't read minds? A telepathetic.
Love is one long sweet dream... and marriage is the alarm clock.
That awkward moment when your child looks to you for wisdom and you're like, "Honey, I don't even know what day of the week it is."
People often ask me if my French jokes are immature... wee.
Why did the duck get arrested? Because he was selling quack.
Scientist: "My findings are meaningless if taken out of context."
Media: Scientist claims "Findings are meaningless."
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.
Being a great father is like shaving. No matter how good you shaved today, you have to do it again tomorrow.
Laugh alone and the world thinks you're an idiot.
Zebras are just horses that escaped from prison.
I may not be getting laid tonight, but I'm definitely banging my snooze button in the morning.
Jehovah's Witnesses don't celebrate Halloween. I guess they don't appreciate random people coming up to their door.
A man came up with a new invention, a vibrating tampon. That way a woman can be at her best when she is at her worst.
Teacher: "Name a bird with wings but can't fly." 
Student: "A dead bird, sir."
Mom: If a boy touches your boobs say "don't" and if he touches your pussy say "stop"? Girl: But mom, he touched both so I said "don't stop". 
If I had a dollar for every time you said something smart, I'd be broke.
Why do you need a driver's license to buy liquor when you can't drink and drive?
What's the difference between men and government bonds? Bonds mature.
Young riders pick a destination and go... Old riders pick a direction and go.
Boy : I have a pen you have a phone number. Think of the possibilities. Girl : I have a sandal you have a face. Think of Casualties.
Call me a racist if you want but south of the border is a sea of violence, corruption, and stupidity. I wouldn't touch it with a 10 foot pole. I just thank my lucky stars I live in Canada.
I'm at a McDonalds and their phone just rang. I have to assume whoever is making that call is a completely unstable human being.
Make sure you limit your video game time today, I don't want you to become super violent. Remember, before video games war wasn't a thing.
Welcome to backhanded compliment club, it's so nice meeting people who don't care how they look.
My ideal date: We order food, I eat mine and yours. you are impressed and order me more.
I grew up so poor we could only listen to Simon or Garfunkel.
What do you call a turkey that's got no feathers? Thanksgiving dinner.
Get married early in the morning. That way, if it doesn't work out, you haven't wasted a whole day.
Does your skin feel burnt? Because I think you must have just fallen down from heaven, and re-entry gave you a tan.
Retirement kills more people than hard work ever did.
 Why doesn't Santa have any kids? He only comes once a year.
If it is not Valentines day and you see a man in a flower shop, you can probably start up a conversation by asking, 'What did you do?' 
Did you hear about the vegan transgender? He was a herbefore.
She gave me an Australian kiss. It's the same as a French kiss, but down under.
Married men live longer than single men, but they're a lot more willing to die.
You will never find anybody who can give you a clear and compelling reason why we observe daylight savings time.
"Tired" isn't even a temporary state for me anymore it's more like a part of my personality at this point.
No, those pants don't make you look fatter. I mean, how could they?
I'm seriously thinking about re-marrying my ex-wife, but I'm pretty sure she'll figure out I'm just after my money.
Password looks at itself in the mirror:
"Don't listen to Google. You are a strong, confident password."
Men wake up as good-looking as they went to bed. Women somehow deteriorate during the night.
I didn't realize how bad of a driver I was until my sat nav said, "In 400 feet, do a slight right, stop, and let me out."
Why don't you ever see hippos hiding in trees? Because they are really good at it.
What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed? "Oh sheet!"
One bird can't make a pun. But toucan.
Despite the cost of living, have you noticed how it remains so popular?
Good women are found in every corner of the earth. Unfortunately earth is round.
What nationality is Santa Claus? North Polish
I intend to live forever... or die trying.
The best things in the world are free - and worth every penny of it.
Be safety conscious. 80% of people are caused by accidents.
Doing yoga got me out of the habit of biting my fingernails. Now I bite my toenails.
Ask me about my vow of silence.
80 % of the brain is fluid. Unfortunately, in your case, it's brake fluid.
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
Some people hear voices.. Some see invisible people.. Others have no imagination whatsoever.
What did the paper say to the pencil? You've got a good point!
To err is human, to blame it on somebody else shows management potential.
Never do card tricks for the group you play poker with. 
Why can't you take anything balloons say seriously? They're always full of hot air!
Everything is edible, some things are only edible once.
Talk is cheap because supply exceeds demand.
She's so ugly she has to sneak up on a mirror.
Set your wifi password to 2444666668888888. So when someone asks for it,  tell them it's 12345678.
My girlfriend asked me to pass her the Chapstick and I accidentally passed her the Glue Stick! She still hasn't talked to me!
What is a vampires favourite type of ship? A blood vessel.
Teacher: "What is the future tense of the statement: 'I had killed a thief'?" 
Student: "You will go to jail."
Is everything expensive or I'm just poor?
What happens to lacrosse players who go blind? They become referees.
One day you will meet someone so amazing in every way who will want absolutely nothing to do with you.
What does a mathematician say when something goes wrong? Figures!
My memory has gotten so bad it has actually caused me to lose my job. I'm still employed. I just can't remember where.
What color do Smurfs turn if you choke them?
Just gonna have a quick nap because I heard you can sleep your way to the top.
I used to build stairs for a living, it's an up and down business.
Kids asked if they could do something & I said yes so my wife lowered my security clearance & now I'm not authorized to make those decisions
Did you ever look at what's "Popular on Netflix" and think, man there are a lot of dumb motherfuckers watching Netflix?
I put a new freezer next to the refrigerator, now they're just chilling.
I could make jokes about fences, but they are offencive.
I work out almost every day. Friday I almost worked out, Saturday I almost worked out, Sunday I almost worked out...
The artist thought his favourite paint had been stolen, but it was just a pigment of his imagination.
I'm single by choice. Unfortunately, it's not my choice.
A priest, a rabbi and a vicar walk into a bar. The barman says, "Is this some kind of joke?"
Honesty is the best policy but insanity is the best defense.
The panic begins with the first one to say ‘Calm down!'
An invention of the hug: "You look sad. Let me choke your whole body"
I am depressed in every way except emotionally.
When you don't know, what you are doing, it's best, to do it quickly.
My dog Minton ate all my shuttlecocks. Bad Minton.
Why do women have cleaner minds than men? Because they change theirs more often.
Smartphones are pacifiers for adults.
What do you get when you cross an Asian with a black? A car thief who can't drive.
A woman has the last word in any argument. Anything a man says after that is the beginning of a new argument.
Good morning to everyone except people who call to make sure you got their email (like 30 seconds after you got it).
I've pre-planned my funeral to include a 32 minute montage of the times I've accidentally waved hello to someone waving to someone behind me.
Self Control - the only way to survive in a world full of idiots.
I might drive you crazy, but at least I'll take the scenic route.
I read recipes the same way I read science fiction. I get to the end and I think, "Well, that's not going to happen."
What do you call a bee that lives in America? A USB.
The trouble with unemployment is that the minute you wake up in the morning you're on the job.
How much did the butcher charge for his venison? A buck!
I always knew that I could never be a lawyer because of my inability to pass a bar.
I got a job in a health club, but they said I wasn't fit for the job.
Maybe if we all sit extremely still, Monday won't be able to see us.
Love is like a machine... sometimes you need a good screw to fix it.
A procrastinator's work is never done.
Sang the rainbow song in front of a police officer, got arrested for colourful language
Imagine being 5 minutes from the end of the longest movie ever & it starts over because it forgot something. That's my kid telling a story.
My wife sent her photograph to the Lonely Hearts Club. They sent it back saying they weren't that lonely.
How can you tell if a man is sexually excited? He's breathing.
Tomorrow is April Fools Day. Believe nothing, and trust no one. "So it's like any other day."
Why is Stevey Wonder Smiling all the time? He doesn't know he's black.
Do skunks celebrate Valentine's Day? Sure, they're very scent-imental! 
We need to look at how the world really works, not just accept the way we are told it works.
You'd think that with NSA reading our tweets all the time,  they could star or retweet some of the good ones.
My wife ran off with my best friend last week. I miss him!
If someone hates you for no reason, give that motherfucker a reason.
The human soul weighs 1.2lbs. I know because I've weighed myself before and after I walk into my job.
My dad used to say "Always fight fire with fire." Probably explains why he was thrown out of the Fire Service.
I'm here for whatever you need me to do from the couch.
What do u call 2 black people in a red blanket? A Kit-Kat
There are few things I enjoy more than picking an argument with my girlfriend when she has the hiccups.
Why can't black people play in the sandbox? Because the cats keep burying them.
Life isn't about winning and losing. It's about wishing you would have won and wondering why you lost.
If you are here - who is running hell?
I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed looked.
Remember when "It's complicated" was a relationship status, not a gender?
Wives are like grenades... Remove the ring and boom, a house is gone!
My ex and I had a very amicable divorce. I know this because when I wrote the Facebook status "I'm getting a divorce," he was the first one to click Like.
Kids, don't grow up... it's a trap!
Why did the lion broke up with his girlfriend? Because she was a cheetah!
Dear men, "I don't want anything for Valentine's Day" is the same as "I'm fine." You're welcome.
You're like school in the summertime - no class.
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
The amount of time my phone spends plugged in you may as well call it a landline.
I used to be a boy trapped in a woman's body. But after 9 long months, I was finally born!
I would give my right arm to be ambidextrous!
Facebook should have a limit on times you can update your relationship status, after 3 it should default to 'unstable'.
There are three kinds of people: The ones who learn by reading. The ones who learn by observation. And the rest of them who have to touch the fire to learn it's hot.
The word 'possesses', possesses so many s's, that any one can't assess it without knowing 's', I guess !
Why are birthday's good for you? Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest!
Why did the M&M go to school? Because he really wanted to be a Smartie!
A flashlight is a case for holding dead batteries.
I was hooked on auctions after only going once... going twice.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A: a rip off
Statistically 6 out of 7 Dwarfs are not Happy.
My friend asked me to describe myself in 3 words... "Lazy."
If I tell you I'm thinking about you, don't get too excited, because I'm also thinking about nachos.
Sometimes I go into the fitting room with jeans three sizes too big so I can feel what it's like to succeed at a diet.
Error, no keyboard. Press F1 to continue.
My wife can eat one Reese's peanut butter cup and save the other one for later, so I'm clearly married to a supernatural being.
I threw a boomerang many years ago. I now live in constant fear.
Childhood is like being drunk, everyone remembers what you did, except you.
Did you get a bowl of soup with that haircut?
There are so many scams on the Internet these days.... but for $19.95 I can show you how to avoid them.
I just hired a private investigator to find out what I do all day.
The recipe said "Set the oven to 180 degrees" so I did, but now I can't open it because the door faces the wall.
You look like a person that would exchange one of your chromosomes for a Big Mac.
I lost my paper towels, I think I need a bounty hunter.
Q:  Why didn't the skeleton dance at the Halloween party?
A:  It had no body to dance with!
Children are the leading cause of old age.
They call it "pms" because "mad cow disease" was already taken.
When I look into your eyes, I see straight through to the back of your head.
Evening news is where they begin with ‘Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
Don't mess with old people, life imprisonment is not that much of a deterrent anymore.
My wife dresses to kill. She cooks the same way.
If I promise to miss you, will you go away?
Some people are so poor, all they have is money.
I'd like to start today by telling you how wonderful (NAME) is. I'd like to but...
Red meat is not bad for you. Fuzzy green meat is bad for you.
A woman has got to love a bad man once or twice in her life, to be thankful for a good one.
When is a field hockey player like a judge? When she sits on the bench.
I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
I wonder why there are locks on the doors of Seven-Eleven when it says they are open 24/7.
You can tell a girl likes you if she stares at your phone instead of her own.
How do men define a "50/50" relationship? We cook-they eat; we clean-they dirty; we iron-they wrinkle.
Everybody is somebody else's weirdo.
Cigarettes aren't good for you, neither are women but I ain't about to go gay.
What's the best place to grow flowers in school?... In the kindergarden.
Why is being in the military like a blow-job? The closer you get to discharge, the better you feel. 
Tried watching The Neverending Story, couldn't finish it.
Why didn't the Indian like having two t.p.'s? They made him 2 tence.
The number one cause of death is too many birthdays.
A parent's job is basically a daily struggle to help a crazy person stay alive.
I wish conversations were like user agreements where I could skip to the end and just agree.
The more vital your research, the less people will understand it.
It currently feels like we're living in the "Days Leading Up To..." section of the history books.
What's the king of all school supplies? The ruler.
Hell hath no fury like a mother who sees her child using plates reserved only for guests.
Why is a doctor always calm? Because it has a lot of patients.
Fixing broken windows is a pane in the glass.
What did the beach say as the tide came in? Long time no sea.
For those who never forget a face, you are an exception.
Thanksgiving, man. Not a good day to be my pants.
The end of a relationship isn't the worst thing. It's worse when it doesn't end after the end.
I was lonely because I had no women... until I met a man who had no hands.
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
Never answer an anonymous letter.
Men will brag that there are women waiting by the phone at this very moment for their call. Who are these women? Women working at 900 numbers.
What do you call a midget Mexican? A paragraph because he's not quite an essay.
Did you hear about the hungry clock? It went back four seconds!
Gave my co-worker the Heimlich maneuver. Proving once again I'm no good at birthday gifts.
We're you made in a lab, cause damn you are one failed experiment.
There's safety in Numbers, but I prefer Deuteronomy.
If every day is a gift, I'd like a receipt for Monday. I want to exchange it for another Friday.
The day you feel like "am I a joke to you" is the day when you study for a science exam and realized that the exam is math.
A man on a date wonders if he'll get lucky. A woman already knows.
Why do people become butchers? So they can meat people.
I like when flies won't leave my car on long road trips. Have fun moving to Kansas, you tiny idiot.
Wanna measure the coefficient of static friction between us?
There's no "I" in "team" but there are 5 in "individual brilliance".
It's not how good your work is, it's how well you explain it.
I have a fantasy, to sleep with 2 women... in the same year.
One day I'll look up from my phone and realize my kids put me in a nursing home.
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
Just saw a heavyset man carrying loads of weapons, even had one hanging out of his backside... it was big arse 'n' all.
If i was the Grinch, I wouldn't steal Christmas. I'd steal you.
No Déjà vu please...I Don't want to go through that again
Brains are wonderful, I wish everyone had one.
if a single teacher cant teach us all subjects,how is a student supposed to learn all the fucking subjects?
God created earth and heaven, the rest was made in China.
You've got two brain cells: one is in a wheelchair and the other one is pushing.
For my next trick I need a condom and a volunteer...
I don't flirt with disaster, I take it home and fuck it.
What's the difference between a woman having her period and a terrorist? You can negotiate with a terrorist
Sex is like air; its not important unless you arent getting any.
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
I'm busy now. Can I ignore you some other time?
I think I married someone else's soulmate. I wish they'd come get him.
The best part about working in an office is that if you ever forget that you got a haircut, someone will definitely point it out to you.
Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?
Kids, just because I don't care doesn't mean I'm not listening.
For every action there is an equal and opposite criticism.
It's officially New Year's Eve, you only have a couple of hours to do all the things you will resolve not to do in the new year.
Updating your relationship status in public is fine. Updating your relationship problems in public is stupidity.
The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that sex for money usually costs a lot less.
A New Year's resolution is something that goes in one year and out the other.
What's black on the outside and white on the inside? Whitney Houston's nose! "
Don't be nervous if someone is driving ahead of you- the world is round, just think that you're driving first!
Why do women close their eyes during sex? They can't stand seeing a man have a good time.
What is the thinnest book in the world? "What Men Know About Women"
Never go to bed angry, stay awake and plot your revenge. 
I discovered I scream the same way whether I'm about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot.
People just like to argue. People: "No we don't."
I took an IQ test and the results were negative.
What a lovely surprise to finally discover how unlonely being alone can be.
Q: What do you call a bench full of white people?
A: The MLB.
What tea do hockey players drink? Penaltea!
A woman participating in a survey was asked how she felt about condoms. She said, "Depends on what's in it for me."
I'm trying to finish writing a script for a porno movie, but there are just too many holes in the plot.
I threw my toaster away because it kept burning my bread. You could say I'm black toast intolerant.
If you're looking for sympathy, you'll find it in the dictionary between "shit" and "syphilis"
Some people walk into our lives and leave footprints on our hearts. Others walk into our lives and we want to leave footprints on their face!
I do try to be empathetic and put myself in other people's shoes... but I have big feet.
Why is the man who invests all your money called a broker?
Such a little man, such a drama queen.
There's never enough time to do it right, but there's always enough time to do it over.
What is the true purpose of Valentine's Day? To remind single people they are single.
When people don't make sense, listen to music. It always does.
I have to exercise early in the morning before my brain figures out what I'm doing.
What is the difference between a unicorn and a carrot? One is a funny beast and the other is a bunny feast.
Why can't you give Elsa a balloon? She will Let It Go!
Has anyone heard the news about a festival in the US where a girl got her head stuck on a truck oversized tailpipe? Apparently she was exhausted...
It's a good thing farts aren't "contagious" like yawns.
A guy with a stutter died in prison before he could finish his sentence.
You should argue with your wife only when she's not around.
Where does a fish go to borrow money? The loan shark!
An average teenage boy nowadays has seen more naked women than all of their ancestors put together.
Have you ever has sex while camping? It's fucking intents.
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
I'm out of bed and dressed. What more do you want?
Iron Man is a very confusing character. I know he's a guy but he could have been Fe Male.
Why do husbands die before their wives? They want to.
Where did you buy your stupidity? Or it was given for free and you took an overdose?
What is the tallest building in the world? A library- it has the most stories!
Q: Why shouldn't you write with a broken pencil?
A: Because it's pointless!
What does snowman have and snow women doesn't, snowballs.
The truth is out there; it just hasn't been indexed well.
My boyfriend is not like other guys. He wants to date me.
Me: How do I unsubscribe so I don't get your emails any more?
Boss: what
Dentist: "You need a crown." Patient: "Finally someone who understands me"
When do you congratulate someone on their mistake? On their marriage.
It's the freaking weekend, find a sleepy seaside town with a horrifying backstory and a murder to solve.
If zombies are attacking you, just invite them to a party! Nobody wants to kill the life of a party!
It's not the bullet that kills you, it's the hole.
Where do frogs deposit their money? In a river bank.
An angry woman can pack everything she owns in an hour, but it will take her a week to pack for vacation? Women...
I changed my password everywhere to "incorrect". That way when I forget it, it always reminds me, "Your password is incorrect".
Save your breath... You'll need it to blow up your date.
If 2 guys are having sex and the house catches on fire. Who gets out first, the guy on top or the guy on the bottom? The guy on the bottom cause he's already got his shit packed.
Why do men like love at first sight? Because he knows it's all over as soon as she opens her mouth.
Multitasking: screwing up several things at once.
Why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars, but check when you say the paint is wet?
The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously.
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex? Oral sex makes your day, anal sex makes your hole weak.
Friends are like condoms: They protect you when things get hard.
You are such a good friend that if we were on a sinking ship together and there was only one life jacket ... I'd miss you heaps and think of you often.
Don't get me wrong, I'm grateful to have a job. I just wish it wasn't THIS job.
There are two kinds of friends : those who are around when you need them, and those who are around when they need you.
When my friends are sad, i send them a long ass paragraph, but when I'm sad, they only say "Oh sorry" or "Well that sucks".
Help! This is my first time cooking for Thanksgiving. The turkey's been in the oven for two hours, and it's still running around!
70% of our planet is covered in water, the other 30% is covered in idiots.
Why don't bunnies make noise when they have sex? Because they have cotton balls.
How many Microsoft programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None, they declare darkness to be the new standard.
Remember: You can eat your way out of almost any problem.
I can't wait for Valentine's Day because I get to make cupcakes for a special someone and that special someone is me.
Why does the Law society prohibit sex between lawyers and their clients? To prevent clients from being billed twice for essentially the same service! 
If a woman is cold as a fish, a man has to be as patient as a fisherman.
A relationship without trust is like a phone without service. And what do you do with a phone without service? You play games.
Sometimes the only way you can feel good about yourself is by making someone else look bad. And I'm tired of making other people feel good about themselves!
The last time I was inside a woman was when I went to the Statue of Liberty.
Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.
Do you know why libraries don't have books about suicide? They never get returned.
What do you call your sister if she only has one leg? Eileen.
I just want to live in a world where people come with on/off switches.
Apparently, 29% of pet owners let their pet sleep on the bed with them, so I gave it a try. My fucking goldfish died.
Today I have met the vegetarian brother of Bruce Lee. Brocco Lee.
I use artificial sweetener at work. I add it to everything I say to my boss.
What did Cinderella say when her photos did not show up? Someday my prints will come!
Cop: "Have you been out drinking?"
Me: "Uh yeah, I'm 28, I've been out drinking literally hundreds of times."
Why can't fishermen be generous? Because their business makes them sell fish!
With my luck I'll probably be reincarnated as me.
If sex is such a natural phenomenon, how come there are so many books on how to do it?
I got lost in your eyes. But I also get lost in most department stores, so I wouldn't read too much into it.
I'm watching my neighbor through the blinds, he's so creepy.
The media's relationship with Hillary is just like Bill's relationship with Hillary. The relationship is unwanted and forced, and they'll move on to the next person any chance they get.
Confucius says Love one another. If it doesn't work, just interchange the last two words.
What is the difference between a battery and a woman? A battery has a positive side.
Spider-man has been unmasked in all his last 4 films. If I was him, I wouldn't even bother dressing up.
After (M)onday and (T)uesday even the week says WTF!
There are approximately 45 seconds between "I'll make us an omelet" and "We're having scrambled eggs.
Top Causes of Divorce:
4. Finances
3. Infidelity
2. Lack of Intimacy
1. Thermostat Wars
What do call an Irishman sitting by the pool? Paddy O'Furniture.
If you feel a bit lonely, forgotten, or just need someone to cheer you up remember...You can always change your birthday on facebook!
Why did St. Patrick drive all the snakes out of Ireland? He couldn't afford plane fare.
Why do men become smarter during sex? Because they are plugged into a genius.
I went to buy some camouflage trousers the other day but I couldn't find any.
I invented a new word today. Plagiarism.
Actually, I don't think you're dyslexic; just really, really stupid. 
I just let my mind wander, and it didn't come back.
We All KEA! My first day on the job at an IKEA store, I was told by my boss that employees needed to go to the meeting room before every shift. I asked why. He said, "Assembly required."
Love is the irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
A woman's age is harder to get than the President's phone number.
My cat constantly looks at me like I asked her to give me a ride to the airport.
My brain is not equipped with facial or name recognition technology.
A four letter word that every man is afraid of? (More)
Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation; the other eight are unimportant.
I have only seen people underwhelmed or overwhelmed, never whelmed properly...
What happened to the man who shoplifted a calendar on New Year's Eve? He got 12 months!
Grocery store flowers on Valentine's Day: show someone you care slightly more than not at all.
How did the chemist who failed the temperature test get? Absolute zero.
What do lawyers wear to court?  Lawsuits!
How did Ben Franklin feel about discovering electricity? He was shocked!
Only dead fish go with the flow.
26.8 percent of all statistics are made up on the spot.
Morning is the time when everyone is jealous of unemployed.
Several guys are sitting around having a drink and one guy says "My wife's an angel" another guy says "Your lucky, mines still alive."
Tomorrow: The best labor saving device of today.
It's uncomfortable when the neighbor's kids look like you.
Tomorrow is a big day for me at work. They are refilling the snack vending machine.
Only a widow can say exactly where her husband is.
What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick.
Have a girl that everyone else dreams about, but don't dream about a girl that everyone else has.
What do squirrels give for Valentine's Day? Forget-me-nuts. 
The less you love a woman, the faster your hand gets tired.
Some people think that their life experience compensates for their lack of brain.
You should have your navel pierced so that you can have a place to hang the air freshener.
1973: smoking in the boy's room. 2018: vaping in the gender-neutral restroom.
Why don't you do arithmetic in the jungle? Because if you add 4 + 4 you get ate!
Why was the baseball player a bad sport? He stole third base and then went home!
I love when I leave work early to surprise my wife at home and she greets me with those three very special words… "Were you fired?"
I had a job selling security alarms door to door and I was really good at it. If no one was home I would just leave a brochure on the kitchen table.
What do you call a magic dog? A Labracadabrador.
It was an emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.
Don't go through that door that mysteriously opened all by itself in that 300 year old hotel with a tragic past.
Text him again. He probably just forgot that he's in love with you.
Two cheese trucks ran into each other. De brie was everywhere.
If you're hotter than me, then that means I'm cooler than you.
What's the difference between a bird and a fly? A: A bird can fly, but a fly can't bird.
As soon as you lose the ability to control your digestive system, it's all over...
Where do you find a birthday present for a cat? In a cat-alogue!
You know what I did before I married? Anything I wanted to.
Hackers brought down my online business but I managed to keep the website address and that's domain thing.
I wonder if my first cat appreciates being at least slightly immortalized in my passwords.
You look like somebody stepped on a goldfish.
Life is tough enough without having someone kick you from the inside.
Stories of untold sufferring never stay that way.
Cults make perfect sense. Do you know how hard it is to make friends as an adult?
Sure, I may be slow, but I do lousy work.
The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which to burn.
Always give 100% at work: 12% Monday, 23% Tuesday, 40% Wednesday, 20% Thursday, 5% Friday.
How come you're responsible if you do your taxes in March, but I'm crazy when I do my trick-or-treating in September?
Did your parents keep the placenta and throw away the baby?
Diet Coke: Making people feel better about ordering two Big Macs and a large fry since 1982.
You're IQ's lower than your shoe size.
What do you do with a sick chemist? If you can't helium then you curium and you barium.
Salary is like a period – you wait for it a whole month and it ends in a week.
I'll clean my house when the last kid has moved out.
Why is it called tourist season if we can't shoot them?
Too many freaks, not enough circuses.
When men say "I'm fine" they actually mean it. 
Weirdos.
You have the right to remain silent because whatever you say will probably be stupid anyway.
This isn't working out. I think we should start making other people miserable.
What did the chocolate syrup say to the ice cream? "I'm sweet on you!" 
He always finds himself lost in thought; it's unfamiliar territory.
I bought my son a fridge for Christmas. – I can't wait to see his face light up when he opens it.
Autocorrect just changed "I have so much anxiety I can barely breathe" to "I'm fine."
As I watched the dog chasing his tail I thought "Dogs are easily amused", then I realized I was watching the dog chasing his tail.
Having teenagers is just paying for a bunch of dates that you don't get to go on.
"What else can we think about?"
- Insomnia
Why do I keep paying the bills? It just encourages them to send more.
I once worked as a salesman and was very independent; I took orders from no one.
I'll be doing a book signing today at Barnes & Noble from 2pm until they kick me out for writing in random books.
If we get rid of all the margarine the world will be a butter place.
You're just jealous because the voices are talking to me.
5-year plan? I haven't even planned this sentence volcano.
Your secrets are safe with me because I literally won't remember them. This also applies to your birthday. Your birthdays are safe with me.
I'm starting to think cyber security is at the same level as mall security
Whoever invented knock knock jokes should get a no bell prize.
What's the best part about Valentine's Day? The day after when all the chocolate goes on sale.
You are not even beneath my contempt.
You're more special than relativity.
Sorry, my dog ate your text message.
I am probably single....because i didnt forward those chain messages in 2008
He who laughs last thinks slowest.
 Why did the snowman smile? Because the snowblower is coming.
Only after getting married you realise that those husband-wife jokes were not just jokes.
I bet the worst part about being a birthday cake is when you're set on fire, and then eaten by the hero that saved you.
A woman worries about the future until she gets a husband. A man never worries about the future until he gets a wife.
I used to work at a company called 69, my friend took over my position.
If it ain't broke, I haven't borrowed it yet.
Q:  Why do manly ghosts have so much trouble dating?
A:  Women can see right through them!
The five most essential words for a healthy, vital relationship "I apologize" and "You are right."
Squirrels always act like it's their first day of being a squirrel.
How did Metallica get people to stop pirating their music? They stopped releasing anything worth listening to.
Love is blind, only marriage opens your eyes.
I love every bone in your body, especially mine.
However lonely you feel, you're never alone. There are literally millions of bugs, mites and bacteria living in your house. Goodnight.
What food diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90%? Wedding Cake!
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? Breasts don't have eyes.
What do you instantly know about a well-dressed man? His wife is good at picking out clothes.
I have all the money I'll ever need – if I die by 4:00 p.m. today.
If people could read my mind, I'd get punched in the face a lot.
What do lawyers and sperm have in common? One in 3,000,000 has a chance of becoming human.
What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob if we don't get support people are going to think we're nuts.
What did Bacon say to Tomato? Lettuce get together!
They used to time me with a stopwatch... now they use a calendar.
Where did the spaghetti and the sauce go dancing? The meatball!
Why can't the bank keep a secret? It has too many tellers!
Throws salad into a garden: "Go home boy... you're free now."
Did you hear about the blind prostitute? Well, you got to hand it to her.
Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
My mum bought me a book on procrastination at the start of high school. I haven't opened it yet.
I'm barely 5.3'. It's all your fault if you had high expectations.
My teacher was talking about excuses and told me to not tell her that my homework grew legs and flew away.
Signwriters have their work cut out, don't they?
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
My wife and I have reached the difficult decision that we do not want children. If anybody does, please just send me your contact details and we can drop them off.
Dear alma mater, please don't send wealth management workshop invites to those of us who majored in creative writing.
Oops. My brain just hit a bad sector.
A friend is someone who will help you move. A GOOD friend is someone who will help you move a dead body.
The consumption of alcohol is a major factor in dancing like a retard. 
The easiest job in the world has to be coroner. Surgery on dead people. What's the worst thing that could happen? If everything went wrong, maybe you'd get a pulse.
Upgrade your weekend: Take Monday Off...
If Wal-Mart is lowering prices every day, why isn't anything in the store is free yet?
If I get interviewed by a police sketch artists, my only goal will be to see how far I get before he realizes I'm making him draw a pirate.
I'm glad he's single because I'm going to climb that like a tree.
What's the difference between a bitch and a whore? A whore sleeps with everybody at the party, and a bitch sleeps with everybody at the party except you.
You can tell you ate too much for Thanksgiving when you have to let your bathrobe out.
I hate school and got caught skipping the other day. My principal said, "Walk normal next time, you fruitcake."
Why don't we wait for life on other planets to find us? Why do we have to do all the work?
Spreading rumors? At least you're spreading something else besides your legs.
Every time I find the meaning of life, they change it.
Heard about the pilot who decided to cook whilst flying? It was a recipe for disaster.
If your left leg was thanksgiving, and your right leg is Christmas, can I come visit you between the holidays?
Why did the blonde bring a ladder to the bar? - Because she heard the drinks were on the house.
This may sound arrogant but I think I could make a better Periodic Table.
My mind is like a steel trap. Rusty and illegal in 37 states.
The knack of flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
A committee is twelve men doing the work of one.
People say I'm condescending. That means I talk down to people.
Got a case for my iPhone even though the screen is already cracked. So basically it's like putting a condom on my kid's head.
I worked myself up from nothing to a state of extreme poverty.
I turned on the light to wake up my kids. My 2-year-old turned it off and went back to bed. She used to be the family alarm clock. Now she's the snooze button.
Just had a date with a woman who welds for a living and oh my, were the sparks flying.
The difference between in-laws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted.
Being in a relationship is like riding a bike, but the bike is on fire and everything around you is on fire because you're in hell.
Why was there thunder and lightning in the lab? The scientists were brainstorming!
What did Zelda tell Link when he couldn't open the door? TRIFORCE!
Barking dog at the back door wanting in and your wife's yelling at the front wanting in. Which one do you let in? The dog, once he's in, he shuts up!
Do you know what it means to come home to a man who'll give you a little love, a little affection, a little tenderness? It means you're in the wrong house.
He's not dead; he's electroencephalographically challenged.
"Raccoons"? Oh, you mean garbage pandas?
What's the scariest thing about a white man in prison? You know that he actually did it.
Scientists proved that cows don't give us meat and milk. We just take it from them!
I'm attracted to you so strongly, scientists will have to develop a fifth fundamental force.
How did the soggy Easter Bunny dry himself? With a hare dryer!
I always wanted to learn to procrastinate... just never got around to it.
Teacher: "What is the value of Pi?"
Student: "Depending on what pie. Usually is $12.99."
Why did the Mexican take Xanax? For Hispanic attacks.
Everybody repeat after me: "We are all individuals."
I tried to get back to the drawing board but I can't draw.
I'm stuck somewhere between playing my cards right & not playing with a full deck.
If by free spirits you mean an open bar, then yes I love free spirits.
Friends are forever. Until they get in a relationship.
My mother-in-law fell down a wishing well, I was amazed, I never knew they worked.
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
How does a woman show she's planning for the future? Plastic Surgery.
What do you call a man who expects to have sex on the second date? Slow.
We have all heard that a million monkeys banging on a million typewriters will eventually reproduce the entire works of Shakespeare. Now, thanks to the Internet, we know this is not true.
Are your parents siblings?
The difference between true love and dinosaurs: We're sure that dinosaurs once existed on this earth.
You must be a magnetic monopole because all I get from you is attraction.
Live every day like it was the last day, and one day you won't miss.
I childproofed the house… but they still get in!
The best part of being married on Valentine's Day is having all your expectations fulfilled. Because you have no expectations.
I don't care what you think you're good at, there's a 7-year-old kid on YouTube doing it better.
I need to stop drinking so much milk. It's an udder disgrace.
I used to do magic in a Chinese restaurant only problem is an hour later everyone wanted to see it again!
What's the difference between a guitar and a fish? You can't tuna fish!
My mother in law has a massive case of diarrhea. She won't find out until she gets home and unpacks her luggage...
Are you a detective? I have some undercover work for you.
Dear men, if you stopped seeing your wife as a woman, it doesn't mean that all men are blind.
What did the light bulb say to the switch? "You turn me on."
The next time you have company, serve them a bowl of shelled peanuts. After they've eaten a few handfuls, casually mention that you've never liked peanuts, but you love to suck the chocolate off of them.
Nobody is interested in your sorrow, unless you can make a joke or a poem out of it.
When I first started dating my wife she asked me what some of my dreams were. I told her one was about a T-Rex who didn't get a job because he couldn't tie a tie. She meant goals
Materialism: buying things we don't need with money we don't have to impress people that don't matter.
For years, I struggled with dyslexia. Mostly because I was spelling it wrong.
Want to get noticed? Go jogging without moving your arms.
"Your finest Scotch, please." 
"Yes, sir," the guy at Staples says as he hands me a 12 year old roll of tape.
Why can't you play Uno with a Mexican? They steal all the green cards.
What's the difference between eggs and yourself? Eggs get laid and you don't.
Your forehead is so big you donated it to charity for shelter!
My best toys run on batteries
Cats are a great pet if you've ever wanted convenient access to a friend that hurts your feelings.
Why don't men have mid-life crises? They stay stuck in adolescence. 
Like a flat tire.......how I'm rolling this morning.
If you can stay calm while all around you is chaos, then you probably haven't completely understood the situation.
Sex appeal is 50% what you've got and 50% what people think you've got.
Age is important only if you're cheese and wine.
What is a lacrosse players favorite type of car? A dodge!
How do you embarrass an archeologist? Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.
"You can't sleep either?" Says a voice from under your bed.
The most dangerous room in the house really depends on where your wife is at the moment.
It's okay Microsoft Excel even my love life is not responding.
Love is a matter of chemistry, sex is a matter of physics.
Dads are like boomerangs... I hope.
Its girls like u that cause global warming!
What is long and black? The que at KFC.
Love may be blind, but marriage is a real eye-opener.
When you try to prove to someone that something doesn't work, it will.
Men swear they know everything until you ask them who is she.
My five year plan? I don't even have a five minute plan.
Mostly men lie before the elections, sex and after fishing.
Why does it take 100 million sperms to fertilize one egg? Because they won't stop to ask directions.
Stephen Hawking says we've got about 1,000 years to find a new place to live. That isn't even enough time for my girlfriend to pack.
What did Stephen Hawking say when his computer crashed? Nothing.
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment.
Tell me again how I unloaded the dishwasher too loudly when you were watching golf. Detectives will want to know exactly how this went down.
I'm not being rude, you're just insignificant.
What's the difference between a tire and 365 used rubbers? One is a Goodyear and the other is a great year.
I never loved you any more than I do, right this second. And I'll never love you any less than I do, right this second.
The Invisible Man can fart and pretend that he is not to blame.
Fat Penguin. Excuse me?! I just wanted to say something that breaks the ice...
Marriage is full of surprises but it's mostly just asking each other "do you have to do that right now?"
It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world everyday always just exactly fits the newspaper.
What has four legs but can't walk? A chair.
What did the blanket say to the bed? Don't worry Ive got you covered!
Sorry I didn't text you back, but my phone recognized your number.
*wife walks in to see the boys have built a chair fort* Wife: PUT THOSE CHAIRS BACK! Me *climbing out of fort* YOU HEARD YOUR MOTHER!
I met my soulmate. She didn't.
Marriage is like coffee. First it's really hot. Then it's just right. Then it helps you to get off your ass and do things.
All I'm saying is why blame it on being lazy when you can blame it on being old?
Men don't realize that if we're sleeping with them on the first date, we're probably not interested in seeing them again either.
You're so short when you smoke weed you don't get high.
Why is Kevin Spacey so bad at Hide and Seek? He comes out at the wrong time.
Waitress: 'Do u have any questions about the menu?' Me: 'What kind of font is this?'
The light at the end of the tunnel – are the front lights of a train.
A magician turned his testicles into two chicken.
"Were any famous men born on your birthday?" "No, only little babies." 
I'm as bored as a slut on her period.
FRIDAY is my second favorite F word.
If at first you don't succeed: try management.
Why did the Investigator question the flat iron? To straighten things out.
I like using misdirection in my jokes, or do I?
Why do we call "#" a hashtag and not pound? Because feminists wouldn't appreciate the PoundMeToo movement.
May all your troubles last as long as your New Years resolutions?
Introverts have fun too, we just don't care if you know...
The hardest part of getting a girls phone number is working up the courage to go through her trash and get it.
I had amnesia once - maybe twice.
The bartender says "we don't serve time travelers in here". A time traveler walks into a bar.
A cop accidentally arrested a judge who was dressed like a convict for a costume party. He learned to never book a judge by their cover.
A psychiatrist asks a lot of expensive questions which your wife asks for nothing.
Damn girl, are you a newspaper? Because there's a new issue with you every fucking day.
You don't notice the air, until someone spoils it.
Oh... I didn't tell you... Then It must be none of your business...
I am known at the gym as the "before picture."
Rap videos are completely unrealistic. Nobody has that many friends.
When we were together, you always said you'd die for me. Now that we've broke up, I think it's time you kept your promise!
Men are like Bluetooth. When they're close they're connected, when they move further they start looking for new equipment.
What do you call a gay scientist? A homo-geneous.
It's not often that one gets the opportunity to speak about someone intelligent, respected and admired. Unfortunately tonight I have to talk about (NAME).
All I ask is a chance to prove money can't make me happy. 
Marriage is all about compromise. For example, today I agreed to never sit in certain chairs in exchange for one chair I can sleep in.
Sex operator: "Mmmm tell me what you're wearing."
Eskimo: "Everything I own basically."
Success is something that always comes faster to the man your wife almost married.
Me: Real women don't care about romantic clichés. My internal voice: Please buy me flowers, please buy me flowers, please buy me flowers.
Dear Week, I'm so over you. I'm leaving you for your best friend, Weekend. Don't try to find us for at least 2 days.
Even if it wasn't cursed, a monkey paw is a terrible gift.
2+2=5 for extremely large values of 2.
When is a retiree's bedtime? Three hours after he falls asleep on the couch.
Marriage is like a deck of cards. In the beginning all you need is two hearts and a diamond. By the end, you wish you had a club and a spade.
Don't join the new TESCO dating service, my mate did and he ended up with a bag for life.
I'm not sure if this woman in the Starbucks line ahead of me is ordering a drink or casting a spell.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, a house doesn't jump at all.
How many retirees to change a light bulb? Only one, but it might take all day.
The kiss is a wordless articulation of desire whose object lies in the future, and somewhat to the south.
Was your ass forged by Sauron because it is precious!
Even people who are good for nothing can bring smile on your face, when pushed down the stairs...
Why did the Easter egg hide? Because he was a little chicken!
I've only been wrong once, and that's when I thought I was wrong.
There is no point of running away form a sniper. You will die from exhaustion.
I get plenty of exercise - jumping to conclusions, pushing my luck, and dodging deadlines.
Impotence: Nature's way of saying "No hard feelings".
How do you make a pool table laugh? You reach into its pockets and tickle its balls.
My foot isn't the only part of me that's lucky
Why are all angels white? Cause if they were black they'd be call bats!
Marriage is mostly misreading facial expressions and asking each other, "You ok?"
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is he homeless or naked?
Men live better than women. First of all, they get married later and secondly, they die earlier.
Thanks once again to autocorrect, my sister's kids are expecting the Easter Rabbi tomorrow.
Why was Cinderella banned from playing sports? Because she always ran away from the ball.
Work is for people who don't know how to fish.
To the women who say "Men are only interested in one thing." Have you ever considered being more interesting?
How is being at a singles bar different from going to the circus? At the circus, the clowns don't talk.
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
Consciousness: That annoying time between naps.
He's a few clowns short of a circus. 
My boss just said to me "You've been late five days this week... Do you know what that means?" I certainly do - it's FRIDAY!
What do you call a Camel with 3 humps? Pregnant!
How do you get a man to stop biting his nails? Make him wear shoes.
There are 2 times when a man doesn't understand a woman - before marriage and after marriage.
Shin: A device for finding furniture in the dark.
Why are pigs so bad at soccer?  They are always hogging the ball!
Chinese takeaway - £27.50. Petrol to get there - £3.25. Getting home then realizing they didn't give you one of the containers - riceless...
How do we not know what women want yet? There are tons of conflicting lists all over the internet.
I want you more then a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking. 
In accordance to the Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle of Quantum Mechanics, we may already be in love right now.
What kind of cookies make you rich? Fortune cookies!
Since there is only one of me, does that make me limited edition?
What does a disappointed mama turkey tell her kids? If your father were to see you now, he would be turning over in his gravy!
Why is a man's pee yellow, and his sperm white? So he can tell if he's coming or going.
Never argue with a woman when she's tired...or when she's rested.
Hallmark Card: "I'm so miserable without you, it's almost like you're still here."
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say will be misquoted then used against you.
Till now my life was a mystery now I am going to make it a history.
How is a man like the weather? Nothing can be done to change either one of them.
A women's work that is never done is the stuff that she asked her husband to do.
Donald Trump wants to ban the sale of pre-shredded cheese. – He wants to make America grate again.
They keep saying the right person will come along, I think mine got hit by a truck.
The key to every relationship is honesty. Honesty. Honesty. Honesty. Honesty. ...Gonna keep typing this until she stops looking over my shoulder.
If someone is spitting behind you, it means you're in front.
If I've learned anything in life, it's that not enough people are at a loss for words.
If your dog is barking at the back door and your wife is yelling at the front door, who do you let in first? The dog, of course. He'll shut up once you let him in.
During sex, my girlfriend always wants to talk to me. Just the other night she called me from a hotel.
I always cry at weddings, especially my own.
Why do men like masturbation? It's sex with someone they love.
What kind of motorbike does Santa ride? A Holly Davidson!
Why is divorce so expensive? Because it's worth it!
I took a viagra the other day. It got caught in my throat and all I ended up with was a stiff neck.
Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.
I tried phone sex once, but the holes were too small.
What's "68"? You do me and I owe you one.
What do you call it when two transgender midgets have sex? Micro trans-action.
Scooters are for men who want to ride motorcycles, but prefer to feel the wind on their vaginas.
How did Burger King get Dairy Queen Pregnant? He forgot to wrap his whopper!
I love my motorcycle - it's great for getting to the front of queues quicker. It does always terrify the other people in the post office though.
How do we know the earth isn't flat? If it were flat, cats would have already pushed everything off of it.
You can never lose a homing pigeon - if your homing pigeon doesn't come back, what you've lost is a pigeon.
Diplomacy is the art of letting someone else get your way.
Pay no attention to the elephant in the room: it's ir-elephant.
What do you call the soft tissue between a shark's teeth? A slow swimmer.
What race is never run? A swimming race.
You're 10 times more likely to die when your girlfriend says, "I'm fine" than when you are flying on an airplane.
Never give yourself a haircut after three margaritas.
I wish you were a door so I could slam you all day long. 
Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other never forgets them.
Because of the disregard towards safety techniques people not only die but are also born.
Who is the most popular guy at the nudist colony? The guy who can carry a cup of coffee in each hand and a dozen donuts.
It's good to learn from other's mistakes, I wish people learn something from me.
It's so cold outside, I actually saw a gangster pull his pants up.
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
She said she was approaching forty, and I couldn't help wondering from what direction.
Why do they say that eating yogurt and oysters will improve your sex life? Because if you'll eat that stuff, you'll eat anything.
Why did Eve bite the forbidden apple? Because it tasted better than Adam's banana. 
I wanted to thank you personally for the like. That's why I'm in your house.
You are so dimwitted even the blackhole night sky looks brighter than you.
The first 5 days after the weekend are the hardest.
Why do shepherds never learn to count? Because if they did they would always be falling asleep.
I wish the girls who rejected me in high school could see how many Pokémon I've caught.
I've never enjoyed my surprise birthday parties because all I can think about is how good my friends are at lying to my face.
I was so sad and crying when I lost my playstation 3 but unfortunately, there was nobody to console me!
Are you the energizer bunny cause you just keep going and going through my mind.
I'd love to go out with you, but my favorite commercial is on TV.
I never forget my son's first words... "Where the heck have you been for 16 years?"
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat.
I thought I was just really tired but it's been 5 years so I guess this is how I look now.
My pencil is gone. It's pointless though.
Imagine that you are in the forest where there is a tiger in front of you right about to eat you. What do you do? U stop imagining...
Who earns a living driving their customers away? A taxi driver!
Just called to make an appointment with a psychic but she told me that I don't show up.
Credit cards are VERY dangerous. Every time I try to use one somebody starts chasing me with scissors.
My Mom has been smelling something burning since 1983.
This isn't an office. It's hell with fluorescent lighting.
A memorandum is written not to inform the reader, but to protect the writer.
The ideal man doesn't smoke, doesn't drink, doesn't do drugs, doesn't swear, doesn't get angry, doesn't exist.
If you jingle my bells ill promise you a white Christmas.
Strangers have the best candy.
I don't care how old I am, I will see Finding Dory.
Why is a tennis game a noisy game? Because each player raises a racket.
Me: "Remember when I rubbed you out?" Genie: "Don't say it like that..."
Kids, stay in school and get a good degree so you can spend 40% of your life on conference calls.
If you have worked and didn't get anything, it means someone else got it.
If you're looking for the best time to spill things on yourself, might I suggest wearing a white shirt and right before an interview.
The story was really great. That's why I was closing my eyes the whole time trying to imagine it.
I saw a chameleon today so I guess it was a pretty shitty chameleon.
I love you just the way you are. Though I do have a few suggestions.
I just want to be rich enough to threaten to cut people out of my will.
I'm aging like a fine banana.
Burglar gently waking me... "you live like this?"
There's a fine line between cuddling and holding someone down so they can't get away.
Life is a comedy for those who think, but a tragedy for those who feel.
Don't underestimate me, that's my mother's job.
Not to brag, but my antics at work resulted in several items being added to the employee manual.
My doctor told me you 'll be alive only for 24 hours! When I wanted to leave him he told me: "Excuse me I had forgotten to tell you that yesterday."
What was the barristas favourite part about being arrested? The mug shots.
Why is air a lot like sex? Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
Dyslexic, you say? How do you spell that?
Q: what did one lumber jack say to another lumber jack? A: "I need to axe you a question."
Where do you get virgin wool from? Ugly sheep. 
Why is sleeping with a man like a soap opera? Just when it's getting interesting, they're finished until next time.
What do you call a fish with no eye? FSH
Why didn't the skeleton go to prom? Cause he had 'no body' to dance with.
Nothing spoils the target more than a hit.
Just remember ...if the world didn't suck, we'd all fall off.
Hello, you've reached 1-800-NARCISSIST, how can you help me?
Apparently, saying "Wow, you've grown since I last saw you" isn't deemed socially acceptable when said to adults.
Sports news report: The United... States that they Ghana win.
What do you call a black guy with a fan? Antique air conditioner.
Why did the girl wear glasses in math class? It improves di-vision.
One time somebody said if I was an element, I'd be copper. Then someone else told me I'm tellurium. Does that mean I'm CuTe?
A life in politics is full of parties.
Why was Cinderella such a bad field hockey player? Her coach was a pumpkin.
The sun is going to go out in 4 billion years, and you sit there and act like everything is fine.
How does a man show he's planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
Why is a baseball game a good place to go on a hot day? Because there are lots of fans.
You still use Internet Explorer? You must like it nice and slow.
I get it ladies, I had abs before I had kids too.
Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda pressing.
Hitting birds is illegal and you get a big fine, I learned this when I kicked a pelican... I ended up footing a massive bill.
Why is Valentine's Day the best day for a celebration? Because you can really party hearty! 
Although I have to repeat myself several times for my children to listen, I take great comfort knowing that one day nothing will annoy them more than me repeating myself.
Why did the broom get a poor grade in school? Because it was always sweeping during class!
All the people who had candy stolen from them as babies are now the adults buying girl scout cookies outside dispensaries.
What is the best way to communicate with a fish? Drop it a line!
What do you call the trousers of people who can't speak? Pant-O-Mimes!
Tennis would be way more exciting if they used dogs for ball boys.
Programming is like sex; one mistake and you have to support for a lifetime.
At every party there are two kinds of people: those who want to go home and those who don't. The trouble is, they are usually married to each other.
What kind of fish can't swim? A dead one.
If you cross an owl and a rooster, do you get a cock that stays up all night?
What did the duck say when he bought lipstick? "Put it on my bill."
People who say that their wedding day was the best day ever have obviously never had two Kit Kats fall out of a vending machine.
It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it.
Ever since I saw you in your family tree I've wanted to cut it down.
Class trip to the Coca-Cola factory today. I hope there's no pop quiz.
Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.
A clean house is a sign of a misspent life.
Virginity is like a soapbubble, one prick and it is gone.
Everything you do you're gonna regret. But if you do nothing – you will not only regret but will also suffer.
I carry a permanent marker just in case someone without a mustache falls asleep.
Laziness is when a person doesn't fake that he's working.
Two years ago I married a lovely young virgin, and if that doesn't change soon, I'm gonna divorce her.
The hardest part of any relationship is when it's not your turn to talk.
Should I have another baby after 35? No, 35 children are enough.
Men should be like coffee: strong, hot and not letting you sleep for the whole night. However, most of them are like copy machines: suitable only for reproduction.
What do you call a Spanish guy with a rubber toe? Roberto.
I often confuse reptiles and amphibians. Actually, if I'm being brutally honest, they pretty much never know what I'm talking about.
Nothing says' I love my dog' quite like spending more money on his haircut than you do your own.
You know, it's not the length of the vector that counts... it's how you apply the force.
What did one autumn leaf say to another? I'm falling for you.
What's a Jewish persons least favorite movie? Gone with the wind.
My ex used to hit me with stringed instruments. If only I had known about her history of violins.
I don't have an attitude; I have a personality you can't handle.
If she says, "I'm OK," you're fine. If she says, "I'm Fine," You're not OK.
The longer you sleep – the more sleep you need. The more you eat – the bigger is your appetite.
Want to meet up so I can excite your natural frequency?
Nothing says I love you like divorce papers.
Okay, who stopped the payment on my reality check?
If corn oil comes from corn, where does baby oil come from?
A wife is like a hand grenade. Take off the ring and say good bye to your house.
What would martin luther king be if he was white? Alive.
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
I truly hope there is a stairway to heaven because I have a fear of elevators...
What does a panda ghost eat? Bam-BOO!
Why are Fathers like parking spaces? The good ones are already taken!
Birthday: The anniversary of the day God slapped you on the butt and said, "Okay Kid, go get in the game. Play hard, play fair, and don't get too many penalty flags."
Why do soccer players do so well in math? They know how to use their heads!
If some people didn't tell you, you'd never know they'd been away on vacation.
Believe it or not, but when you're living alone a clean house is the sign of a broken computer.
An ad at the zoo: ‘Don't scare the ostriches! The floors are concrete!'
What is the only time a man thinks about a candlelight dinner? When the power goes off.
He: So then, what's your sign? She: Dollar. 
The best way to lie is to tell the truth, carefully edited truth.
Crime doesn't pay... does that mean that my job is a crime?
If you think patience is a virtue, try surfing the net on a 14.4k dial up connection.
Just trying to give my kids a few childhood memories they don't have to repress...
What is the most important thing to learn in chemistry?
Never lick the spoon.
I like to show my girlfriend who's boss in our house by holding a mirror up to her face.
I want to go to IKEA, hide in a wardrobe, wait for someone to open it and yell "WELCOME TO NARNIA".
Slept like a log last night... Woke up in the fireplace. 
What did the letter O said to letter Q? Put some pants on.
I'm trying to get on your good side, but I haven't found it yet.
Marriage isn't for everybody - men for instance!
Saying "super size it" at the drive-thru doesn't work when it's a pharmacy.
Where is the first tennis match mentioned in the Bible? When Joseph served in Pharaoh's court.
A girl has to get in bed before 8 p.m. so she can come home at 11.
A genius lives in every one of us. Each day more and more heavily…
I don't want you to feel like you can't express yourself, but I do want you to stop talking.
How do you get 30 drunk Canadians out of the pool? "Please get out of the pool."
What monster plays the most April Fool's jokes? Prankenstein!
Sex is a misdemeanor; the more I miss, the meaner I get!
Is Google male or female? Female, because it doesn't let you finish a sentence before making a suggestion.
Your momma is so mean... she has no standard deviation.
I could be a morning person. If morning started around noon.
Would you call an Italian hooker a pasta-tute?
Women are like swimming pools – they cost a great deal of money to maintain, considering the time you spend inside.
If there was someone selling drugs in this place, weed know.
Men read Playboy for the articles, women go to malls for the music.
We moved our treadmill outside so I can smoke.
If at first you don't succeed, blame someone else and seek counseling.
Whenever you get mad, just think of a t-rex trying to masturbate.
The only thing worse than seeing something done wrong is seeing it done slowly.
What is the hardest thing about being a man? His penis.
Why did the volleyball players go to the library for practice? The coach told them they'll be doing some reading today.
I think my coworkers are gay. – Every time I walk by, they mumble, "What an ass."
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
The sooner you fall behind the more time you'll have to catch up.
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.
What did the dog say when he rubbed sandpaper on his tail? Rough, rough!
What is a vampire's sweetheart called? His ghoul-friend. 
Eternally long a woman can be looking at 3 things in a supermarket. And then, bang! She buys 7 things!
The dogs bark but the caravan moves on.
You could very well be going to heaven but it won't be hell in hell without you!
I went to a peanut factory last week. It was nuts!
Umbridge? More like Umbitch.
You're so stupid you could count your balls all day long and never come up with the same number twice.
I like the way your medication thinks.
What do you call a woman who is paralyzed from the waist down? Married.
What is the difference between Mechanical Engineers and Civil Engineers? Mechanical Engineers build weapons, Civil Engineers build targets.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
Why do kissing scenes in nearly every show have to use the soundtrack from a toddler slurping jello off of a plastic plate?
The founders of Foursquare came up with the name of the company when using off-brand toilet paper.
My bed wasn't feeling well this morning, so I had to stay home to take care of it.
How can you tell which is the head nurse? The one with the dirty knees.
I never admit or deny anything it makes things more interesting.
don't regret doing things, regret getting caught
I don't worry about terrorism. I was married for two years.
Measure twice, cut five times, curse profusely, punch a wall, give up, call a professional.
What do crabs smoke? Seaweed.
Did you hear about the guy who choked on a pretzel? He was very salty.
Efficiency is a highly developed form of laziness.
A lot of people are afraid of heights. Not me, I'm afraid of widths.
By working faithfully eight hours a day you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve hours a day.
What kind of tan did pilgrims get to the beach? Puritan.
Why did the turkey play drums in his band? Because he already had drumsticks!
I will have enough money for the rest of my life. Of course, if I don't buy and eat anything.
I'm so introverted I won't even talk to myself.
Why did the octopus beat the shark in a fight? Because the octopus was well armed.
Science builds planes and skyscrapers, but faith brings them together.
I always arrive late at the office, but I make up for it by leaving early.
I tried water polo but my horse drowned.
Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math.
Birthdays are nature's way of telling us to eat more cake.
When a guy says he's fine what he really means is he's fine.
Turtles think frogs are homeless.
I got excited when my son joined the cross-country team. But then I learned they don't cross the country and are back home in a few hours.
April Fools' Day is like a huge open mic night in which millions of people go out of their way to demonstrate how unfunny they are.
What did the hurricane say to the palm tree? Better hold onto your nuts because this is no ordinary blowjob.
Two snowmen in a field, one turned to the other and said "I don't know about you but I can smell carrots!"
Yo mom is so dumb that she thought Dunkin' Donuts was a basketball team.
I once meet an honest, caring, politician that listened when I spoke and tried to help the country. Then I woke up.
I don't care how funny you are, if I don't like you, I won't laugh.
I'm Irish. You're not really speaking my language until you start yelling.
Einstein used science to get laid; that guy is a genius... I've been using money.
Do you raise chickens? Because you raise my cock.
You know your girlfriend's frigid if the lights go on when you open her legs.
Any skirt looks good on the back of the chair.
Remember: What dad really wants is a nap. Really.
Remember how when you were little you could just rip off your diaper and run around naked and everyone thought it was funny?
Ladies and gentlemen, if there's anybody here this afternoon who's feeling nervous, apprehensive and queasy at the thought of what lies ahead, it's probably because you have just got married to (NAME).
Drink coffee! Do stupid things faster with more energy!
Fuck me if I'm wrong, but isn't your name Cindrella?
"What's wrong with my computer?"
"It looks like your hard drive went soft."
My Girlfriend was walking in her sleep so I put a vacuum cleaner in her hand...
Where did the baseball keep its lemonade? In the pitcher!
I always give 110%. Oops. Left out the decimal point. I always give 1.10%.
I like to hold hands at the movies... which always seems to startle strangers.
I am now on three dating sites because you can never get enough rejection.
How do Chinese people name their kids? They throw pots and pans down the stairs.
I love being married. It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life. 
I'm ready to start a family, in the sense that I have enough chip clips for 6 people.
I wonder where my brother is, his lunch is getting all cold ... ... ... and eaten..
I'm looking at the serving size of Laughing Cow cheese and I see why the cow is laughing.
If a leper gives you the finger, do you have to give it back?
I rang up British Telecom, I said, "I want to report a nuisance caller", he said "Not you again". 
Life is too complicated in the morning.
Whoever coined the phrase "Quiet as a mouse" has never stepped on one.
A cat, by any other name, is still a sneaky little furball that barfs on the furniture.
Those that forget the pasta are doomed to reheat it.
He who hesitates is boss.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes.
What do you call it when worms take over the world? Global Worming!
What sexual position makes the stupidest babies? I don't know either, go ask your mama.
What's the best way to get a man to remember your anniversary? Get married on his birthday.
How many tennis players does it take to screw in a light bulb? "What do you mean it was out, it was in!"
Everyone has their own path, fortunately mine leads to the liquor store.
You're never too old to learn something stupid.
I hate cocaine dealers. Always sticking their business into other people's noses.
What do you call a girl standing in the middle of a tennis court? Annette.
What is the one thing that all men at singles bars have in common? They're married.
An idea came to the mind, and now she's searching for the brain.
I've agreed so much with my wife that my head just starts nodding at the sound of her voice.
What do you call a girl with an hourglass figure? A waist of time.
‘Darling, will you catch me if I jump into the water?' ‘Darling, if I say yes, will you jump?
Smaller babies may be delivered by storks but the heavier ones would need a crane!
What is the most dangerous thing in your freezer? Ice is.
Depression: A period during which we have to get along without the things our grandparents never dreamed of.
If you do not say it, they can't repeat it.
I mostly just scroll through Instagram as a reminder of what brands I said out loud yesterday.
To weigh 50 kilos and say that you're fat, that is so female…
Why is lettuce the most loving vegetable? Because it's all heart. 
Every morning before school mom would give me 8 quarters for lunch... and every evening I'd sit on the toilet trying to pass them.
The difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer is in the taste.
Sometimes late at night in bed, I wonder what life choices do I have to make to be the guy who says 'yeah' in the background of hip-hop songs.
According to a new survey, women say they feel more comfortable undressing in front of men than they do undressing in front of other women. They say that women are too judgmental, where, of course, men are just grateful.
What's the best thing to put into a pie? Your teeth!
May you never leave your marriage alive.
You know youre fifty when your chiropractor sends you birthday cards.
You're so poor I saw you kicking a can across the street I asked you what you were doing you said moving.
I need a new bank account. This one has run out of money.
According to the second law of thermodynamics, you're supposed to share your hotness with me.
Wanna get together and test the spring potential of my mattress?
The light at the end of the tunnel... might just be an incoming train.
I used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out.
What do single people call Valentine's Day? Happy Independence Day!
If you were a browser, you'd be called FireFoxy.
It's so cold that I have to take half a Viagra so I won't pee on my shoes.
He's so ugly he has to buy flowers for his own hand.
I cropped my kids out of my online dating profile photos. They can find their own dates.
Girls are like internet domain names... the ones I like are already taken.
You're fat. It's not because it runs in the family, you're fat because nobody runs in your family.
The only reason I've been going out with  this guy all summer is because I have no idea how to operate my gas grill.
It's strange that, despite all the warnings, I've never seen a tombstone that read: "Died from not forwarding that e-mail to 10 people."
If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary forms.
What do witches put on their hair? Scare spray!
I watched a really sad porn film the other day - it was a real tear-jerker.
Just tell me when and where and I'll be there 20 minutes late.
Monday is an awful way to spend 1/7th of your life.
It doesn't matter how much you work, there will always be an asshole that works less but gets more.
How many animals can jump higher than a skyscraper? All of them, skyscrapers can't jump.
How are tornadoes and marriage alike? They both begin with a lot of sucking and blowing, and in the end you lose your house.
Whats the difference between the Christmas alphabet and the ordinary alphabet? The Christmas alphabet has Noel.
Word of the day is Legs. Now go spread the word.
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
Why do women always ask questions that have no right answers?
An escalator can never break — it can only become stairs.
One day we shall wake up together: me and my money.
Black humor is like food, not everyone gets it.
The farther away the future is, the better it looks.
You know why there aren't any good science puns nowadays? Because all the good ones argon.
How good are you at powerpoint? I Excel at it!
PMS jokes aren't funny. Period.
Breaking: Man takes longer to find emoji than it would have taken him to find words that convey what he wanted.
If I make you breakfast in bed, a simple "thank you" is all I need. Not all this "how did you get in my house?!" business.
My son came home as I was taking his door off its hinges and asked: "Dad what are you doing?" I said, "We've updated our privacy policy."
Marriage is really tough because you have to deal with feelings... and lawyers.
I got called pretty yesterday and it felt good! Actually, the full sentence was "You're pretty annoying." but I'm choosing to focus on the positive.
When you choke a smurf, what color does it turn?
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator!
What did one pencil say to the other pencil? You're looking sharp!
Why do men like love at first sight? It saves them a lot of time.
What do you call a horse who expresses negative views? A Naysayer.
I am busy contemplating my future. Don't worry, this will only take a minute.
Do you know the difference between "fitting" and "proper"? It goes like this: I could shove my thumb up your butt right now, and it would probably fit... But it wouldn't be proper.
When plumbers sleep do they have pipe dreams?
I'm not crazy; I've just been in a bad mood for the last ten years.
No one is listening until you fart.
It was a bleak day when we heard about the explosion down at the animal shelter... It was raining cats and dogs!
Imagine saying hello to a dog in a normal conversational voice.
Recently I heard about a vampire that was so mathematically challenged that he couldn't count Dracula!
30 seconds left on the microwave. Women: set table, pour drinks, tweet, talk on the phone. Men: do the space shuttle countdown.
Friends are like boobs. Some big,some small. Some real, some fake.
Why did the cannibal break up with his girlfriend? She didn't suit his taste!
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
What idiot called it a vet instead of a dogtor?
Why do people litter? Because they dont take the litter signs litterally.
When you stop believing in Santa Claus is when you start getting clothes for Christmas!
I thought I understood the meaning of "When Pigs Fly" but then... the swine flu.
Definition of a teenager? God's punishment for enjoying sex. 
I have one of those unlimited cell phone plans. There's no limit to how much they can charge me.
I'm the flower, you're the bee. Why don't you suck the sweet pollen right out of me?
A donkey fell into a bowl of sugar. Now that's a sweet ass.
Who is never hungry at Christmas? The turkey - he's always stuffed!
Look to your left --------------> I said left you idiot!
What did the boy bird say to the girl bird on Valentine's Day? Let me call you Tweet heart!
Instead of getting married again, I'm going to find a woman I don't like and give her a house.
Everyone has the right to be stupid, but you are abusing the privilege!
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup? Anyone can roast beef.
Today is your birthday, so congratulate yourself, especially if you're still young enough to remember it.
I'd like to think inside your box.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I have 5 fingers, the 3rd ones for you.
I thought my son would like that I bought him a trampoline, but oh no, he just wants to sit and cry in his wheelchair.
How do you get holy water? Boil the hell out of it.
My "it's cold outside" post just went viral on Facebook.
It matters not whether you win or lose: what matters is whether I win or lose.
When I was young, I was afraid of the dark. Now when I get my electric bill, I am afraid of the light.
There is no I in Team, but there's always one big A... if you know what I mean.
Why do women rub their eyes when they get up in the morning? They don't have balls to scratch!
What did the shuttlecock say when it got hit? Who's making all the racquet?
Don't anybody move! I lost my brain somewhere here.
Women will drive miles out of their way to avoid the possibility of getting lost using a shortcut. 
Generally, all generalisations are false.
I used to think love() was abstract, until you implemented it in MyHeart.
In my spare time I like to read, write, and fall in love with unavailable people.
I finally found a diet plan that works. It's called 'The Cost of Food'.
Some people are like Slinkies ... not really good for anything, but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.
Insanity is defined as doing the same thing over and over again, expecting different results.
What's the best place to shop for a soccer shirt? New Jersey!
Why is it not good to play tennis in a court? Because you might get arrested.
If a wife is silent and not arguing – it means she's sleeping.
My favorite part of grocery shopping is rushing home to look at the shopping list on my counter to see what I forgot to buy.
There are hundred holes in in my wife's body; one of them is filled by my dick and the 99 others has been filled by money.
She's so fat, she fell down and rocked herself to sleep trying to get up!
Children: You spend the first 2 years of their life teaching them to walk and talk. Then you spend the next 16 years telling them to sit down and shut-up.
What do you call the saddest waterway in Russia? Crimea River.
Why did the lady sing lullabies to her purse? She wanted a sleeping bag!
My walk of shame is walking past the people I just said goodbye to because I went in the wrong direction and had to go back.
Boy: "Are you dead because it looks like you dropped from heaven."
Girl: "Yeah I died I long time ago, just like that line."
What does a cow say to bull? Are you always that horn-ny!
Marriage advice for dummies: Five worst things you can do
5 Abandon
4 Lie
3 Cheat
2 Abuse
1 Forget to start the dishwasher
Happy Birthday! You're now living proof of the old saying that "Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men."
I always wanted to marry Mrs. Right, but I didn't know her first name was "Always".
What dog can jump higher than a building? Anydog, buildings can't jump!
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands.
Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity.
Are my undies showing? ["No."] "Would you like them to?"
Arguing with a woman is like buying a lottery ticket. You know you're not gonna win, but you're sure as hell gonna try.
My New Years resolution is 1080p.
I hate girls that complain about being single every 3 minutes. 90% of my socks are single & you don't see them crying about it.
Why do black widow spiders kill their males after mating? To stop the snoring before it starts.
I always put in a full eight hours at work. Spread out over the course of the week.
When he proposed to her. She found it very engaging.
How are you related to the sun? Because your teeth are the same colour as it.
Don't piss me off! I'm running out of places to hide the bodies.
Statistics show that the average person has sex 89 times a year. Today is going to be a great day!
What is the difference between a clever midget and a venereal disease? One is a cunning runt, and the other is a running c*nt.
Why did the scarecrow win the competition? He was 'outstanding' in his field!
One head is ok, but a whole body is much better.
My midget friend got thrown out of the nudist colony because he kept getting in everyone's hair.
You are so poor when you saw the garbage truck pass you took a shopping list with.
What do you call a black man with red teeth? Knight rider.
I buy a lot of ringtones for someone who hasn't answered a phone call since 2008.
Q: When do you kick a midget in the balls?
A: When he is standing next to your girlfriend saying her hair smells nice.
How did two oceans or seas become friends? Because they kept waving at each other.
Here's to alcohol, the cause of – and solution to – all life's problems.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
Why are Scientology and Proctology alike? It's all a load of shit.
Discretion is being able to raise your eyebrow instead of your voice.
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
A man's idea of serious commitment is usually, "Oh alright, I'll stay the night."
If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
Is it weird that one nipple is bigger than my other two?
Stress is when you wake up screaming and you realize you haven't fallen asleep yet.
I tried to hang myself with a bungee chord. I kept almost dying
If a mute kid swears does his mother wash his hands with soap?
Maths and Girls are the most complicated things, but Maths at least has some logic.
Take an icecube to the bar, smash it and say: "Now that I've broken the ice, will you sleep with me?"
What is the best evidence that Microsoft has a monopoly? Santa Claus had to switch from Chimneys to Windows.
Your blow up date saw you naked, and self deflated.
What goes through towns, up hills, and down hills but never moves? The road!
What kind of flowers do you never give on Valentine's Day? Cauliflowers! 
Legends don't die... I am a living example!
What did the lacrosse stick say to the ball? "Catch ya later!"
Your future depends on your dreams. Don't waste any time, go to bed now.
Let's both be naughty this year and save Santa the trip.
My annual performance review says I lack "passion & intensity", guess management hasn't seen me alone with a Big Mac.
I run faster horny than you do scared.
What goes "oh oh oh"? Santa walking backwards.
How can you tell soap operas are fictional? In real life, men aren't affectionate out of bed. 
A warning shot into the head.
My voicemail message is just instructions on how to send a text message with brief pauses filled with heavy sighing.
My annoying little cousin keeps bragging about how he sleeps in a race car bed. Well, a joke's on you, you little shit. I sleep in a real car.
Where do sharks go on summer vacation? Finland!
My birth certificate was a letter of apology that my dad got from the condom company…
To the guy who invented the number zero: "Thanks for nothing".
According to my kids' Christmas lists, they think this parenting gig pays pretty well.
Parenting is easy once you learn the secret. For the love of god, please tell me the secret.
(NAME) is a terrific athlete. He recently ran the London Marathon – he was aiming for 3 hours but just missed it! he made it in 3 hrs 150 minutes
People who make you feel special are keepers.  Anyone with such good taste has to be admired.
‘A pedigree bulldog missing. Founders – rest in peace.'
Men are fun to argue with, because even IF they win... they lose.
I don't buy fat-free milk because I don't want to contribute to cows having body issues.
Why was it so hot in the stadium after the baseball game? All the fans left!
The seven ages of man: spills, drills, thrills, bills, ills, pills and wills.
I recently added squats to my workouts by moving the beer into the bottom shelf of the fridge.
Have you heard about the new supersensitive condoms? They hang around after the man leaves and talk to the woman.
You never have to worry about love at first sight if you steadfastly keep looking at your phone.
What book do you like the most? 
Woman: "My husband's checkbook."
One of the benefits of eating healthier is that you never have to ask questions like, "Who ate my salad?"
You must be a full moon, coz everytime you are around me, I turn into a beast.
Marrying a divorced man is ecologically responsible. In a world where there are more women than men, it pays to recycle.
I watched a documentary on LSD last night, it really changed my perception.
It is hard to understand how a cemetery raised its burial cost and blamed it on the cost of living.
Why shouldn't you make fun of a paleontologist? Because you will get Jurasskicked.
My dog and I both freak out whenever the doorbell rings but we run in opposite directions.
If something goes wrong at the office, blame the guy who can't speak English...
First word in the world - Huh?
I bet Egyptians were all like "Yo, nobody in history will ever worship and revere cats like we do" and then came the internet.
I sometimes go to my own little world, but that's okay, they know me there.
Why are there 5 syllables in the word "monosyllabic"?
Lets unzip our genes and see if we can share codes together.
Just because I don't care doesn't mean I don't understand.
I've learned that the people you care most about in life are taken from you too soon and all the less important ones just never go away.
A cat sauntered in and sat at the bar. "Tuna", ordered the cat. "Salad or sandwich?" Asked The bartender. "What do you think I am a human?"
The qualities that most attract a woman to a man are usually the same ones she can't stand years later.
Lite: the new way to spell "Light," now with 20% fewer letters!
Unless you're the lead dog, the view never changes.
Which of Santa's reindeers needs to mind his manners the most? "Rude"olph
Why doesn't Mexico have an Olympic team? Because everybody who can run, jump and swim are already in the U.S.
I hope whoever invented Cool Ranch Doritos got a Nobel Peace Prize.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
Constipated people don't give a crap.
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
When I go jogging, I listen to a portable CD player, so people think I've been running for 10 years.
19 and 20 got into a fight. 21.
Why do bachelors like smart women? Because they're so rare.
What do you call a dog with no legs? Doesn't matter what you call him, he's not coming.
Hey baby, if I supply the voltage and you some resistance, imagine the current we can make together.
Why do female skydivers wear jock straps? So they don't whistle on the way down.
I don't have an attitude problem. You have a perception problem.
I like kids, but I don't think I could eat a whole one.
I know how to feed a nation…but will she eat it?
Your clothes would look better accelerating towards the floor at 9.8 m/s
Q: What is the most reliable method to determine a baby's sex? 
A: Wait until it's born.
If you don't like my opinion of you – improve yourself!
Most men know that women dream of having two men at the same time. But they don't understand that in those fantasies one man is cleaning the house and the other one is cooking.
Age is just the number of hours I'm hungover for.
The device will work much better, if you turn it on.
If you keep your feet firmly on the ground, you'll have trouble putting on your pants.
Hard work has a future payoff. Laziness pays off now.
My wife installed a mirror over our bed. She said she likes to watch herself laugh.
I don't have a solution, but I do admire the problem.
How do you get a man with only one arm out of a tree? Wave.
What do I say if a Mexican walks by me and daddy? Say "Here are the tacos."
If someone notices you with an open zipper, answer proudly: professional habit.
Being in a nudist colony probably takes all the fun out of Halloween.
S.I.N.G.L.E...sexy! innocent! naughty! gorgeous! lustful! exciting!
Sometimes, when I'm cruising the city in a $200K vehicle, I lean back and think, "If the bus driver doesn't speed up I'll be late for work."
What do men and mascara have in common? They both run at the first sign of emotion.
If you get in the mood to do some work, someone will always wake you up.
Research shows that 90% of men don't know how to use condom, these people are called dads.
My ex-girlfriend told me nothing shocks her anymore so I switched her digital scale from Lbs to Kg.
Remember, it's not what you do... it's what you get away with.
Want to hear a pizza joke... nah, it's too cheesy. What about a construction joke? Oh never mind, I'm still working on that one. Did you hear the one about the rope? Skip it. Have you heard the one about the guy in the wheelchair? Never mind, it's too lame.
Wanna dance? I can really put your inertia in motion.
Dear Lord, there is a bug in your software...it's called #Monday, please fix it...
What kind of candy is never on time? ChocoLATE!
If you force sex on a prostitute is it rape or shoplifting?
I get queasy at the sight of my own blood, but I could paint a barn with yours.
Did you hear about the nearsighted porcupine? He fell in love with a pincushion! 
Be careful of your thoughts, they may become words at any moment.
If he asks what sort of books you're interested in, tell him check books.
A wife in big doses is poison, in small doses – medicine.
If the number 2 pencil is the most popular, why is it still number 2?
The real rich is the one who can enjoy from the cheapest things.
Never hypothetically ask yourself if the person in front of you can go any slower, because the answer is yes.
Why are badminton players so loud? Because they are always making a racket!
If mummies are from egypt, then where are daddies from?
Nice perfume. Must you marinate in it? 
Every 60 seconds in Africa, a minute passes.
It's gonna be ok.
Quickly, I must hurry, for there go my people and I am their leader.
If you can't convince them, confuse them.
I'm smiling. This should scare you.
I caught my neighborhood stealing my red food dye... When he was caught red handed he said "I'm gonna dye".
I asked my wife, "Where do you want to go for our anniversary?" She said, "Somewhere I have never been!" I told her, "How about the kitchen?"
In San Francisco, Halloween is redundant.
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with "Guess" on it ...so I said "Implants?"
A guy and a dog are siting at a bar. Dog says to guy, you think your wifes a bitch!
A sports bra implies the existence of an academic bra.
Why doesn't any man need more than one rooster?
A cock a dude'll do.
Millenials. Walking around like they rent the place.
I bought the smallest Fitbit they've got because I wanna get fit but just a little bit.
You need to carry women in your arms; they will climb on your back by themselves.
Best math book never written: "High School Math" by Cal Q. Luss
My brain boots up like a 10 year old PC that frequents gambling and adult websites.
I'm a humble person, really. I'm actually much greater than I think I am.
We are all part of the ultimate statistic – ten out of ten die.
Accidentally fell asleep smoking an e-cigarette and when I woke up my whole house was on the internet.
Not all men are annoying. Some are dead.
What is Mozart doing right now? Decomposing.
I broke up with my girlfriend at restaurant. She started crying. Everyone thought I proposed her so they started clapping.
Approach a woman in a bar and whisper "Hey, wanna get out of here?" If she says yes, you can sit where she was.
It's better to be the first lover than a third wife.
Lazy People Fact #5812672793. You were too lazy to read that number.
Virginity is not dignity, but lack of opportunity.
Hi, I'm a geologist - I was wondering if I could explore your natural resources...
If a woman has fallen – an idiot will walk by, a gentleman will help her to get up, but a real man will lie down with her.
My son just called guacamole "avocado spread" and now I feel like I've failed as a parent.
Q: What is a plumber's favorite food? A: A leek!
All women are sex objects. Whenever you ask them for sex, they'll object.
Preorder now! Though I have nothing for sale, it's always good to preorder.
No matter how long it takes you to make a time machine, you'll still have your whole life ahead of you.
At our family BBQ's my dad would serve us briquettes and say the marshmallows burned.
An asteroid 1,200 light years away has a 0.6% chance of colliding with the Earth, and you all just walking around like everything is fine.
How do crazy people go through the forest? They take the psycho path.
I hate reality. But where else can you get a good steak dinner?
Coldplay is like depression you can hear.
Women dream of world peace, a safe environment, and eliminating hunger. What do men dream of? Being stuck in an elevator with the Doublemint twins.
The other day I was singing in the shower, and I got soap in my mouth. Guess what happened then? It became a soap opera.
My idea of flirting is giving a girl 1 of my 10 tacos.
Why are men are like public toilets? The good ones are taken, the rest are full of shit.
Why is psychoanalysis a lot quicker for men than for women? When it's time to go back to his childhood, he's already there.
Well, just told the Starbucks barista my name is "No War in Syria". I know it's not much, but I hope it helps.
Nobody's perfect. I'm a nobody.
This morning my alarm went off, I thought it's sell-by date was tomorrow.
The best curve on a girl is her smile...  Naw just kiddin, look at dat ass.
If you can't beat the record, you can beat up its owner.
What's 6 foot long, vibrates and turns a small penis into a giant prick? A motorcycle.
My cat's dead, can I play with your pussy instead?
I should have known it would never work out between me and my ex-girlfriend - after all, I'm a Pisces and she's a bitch.
Did you hear about the dyslexic Satanist? He sold his soul to Santa.
Only an ass can be divided in half.
Avoid arguments about the toilet seat...use the sink...
What do you call a woman who knows where her husband is every night? A widow.
I don't find it hard to meet expenses. They're everywhere.
What does a condom and a husband have in common? They both got used and thrown out.
Music makes every day better, especially if you turn it up just loud enough to drown out all the people around you.
Where does a polar bear keep his money? In a snowbank!
Q: Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? 
A: In case he got a hole in one.
Did you know that Santa's not allowed to go down chimneys this year? It was declared unsafe by the Elf and Safety Commission.
If a dog was a computer, would its bark be bigger than its byte?
Where do ghosts play tennis? On a tennis corpse!
I should have known that my marriage was bound to be doomed when my wife choose to have her vows be read from the Necronomicom.
You know, they got a luggage store in the airport? A place to buy a piece of luggage? How late do you have to be for a flight where you're like, ‘Fuck it – just grab a pile of shit. We'll get a bag at the airport'.
Miss Anders... I didn't recognise you with your clothes on.
Is yur name Atilla cuz you can be my hun anytime!
If my body is a temple than eating pancakes is a form of prayer.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
That moment when you laugh so much about your friends joke you end up farting accidently.
Don't tell me I don't know the difference between right & wrong. Wrong is the fun one.
According to the principle of the sandwich, if you put butter on both sides the sandwich will hang in the air.
Since my girlfriend discovered out the eyeroll and tongue sticking emojis she doesn't have to type words anymore.
There's a reason it's called "girls gone wild" and not "women gone wild". When girls go wild, they show their tits. When women go wild, they kill men and drown their kids in a tub.
Treat Two-faced people like mushrooms. Keep them in the dark and feed them shit.
Haven't seen R. Kelly's sex tape? Well, urine for a surprise.
The value of money in a relationship: the 10 bucks that the wife and the tax inspection don't know about are worth more than the 100 that both know about.
I asked my friend a question while he was eating an orange, but all I got was a pithy response.
People are lot less judgy when you say you ate an 'avocado salad' instead of a bowl of guacamole.
I just got this sick job at the Calendar factory. Unfortunately, I still can't get a date.
When your only tool is a hammer, all problems start looking like nails.
I asked my wife if she enjoys a cigarette after sex and she said, "No, one drag is enough."
Why did Michael's grades drop after the holidays? Because everything was marked down!
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
You would never be able to live down to your reputation, but I see you're doing your best.
She said I wanna look bomb in the party. I said don't worry, we'll have a blast.
Instead of "Who's your daddy" I accidentally said, "How's your daddy" and we put our clothes back on and started discussing her dad's cholesterol.
My wife set a limit on how much we can spend on each other for Christmas. It's $100 on me and $500 on her.
Can a woman make you a Millionaire? Yes, if you're a Billionaire.
What fruit do you eat when you are sad? Blueberries.
I am not the kind of girl you can take home to your wife.
I dont care or think about the people in my past... there is some reason why they didn't make it to my future!
My colleague can no longer attend next weeks Innuendo Seminar so I have to fill her slot instead.
Friends wave red flags when you have a bad idea.  Real friends pick up a camera.
Screw me if I am wrong, but haven't we met before?
I'm like a bird... I shit on people's cars.
Women will never be equal to men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are sexy.
Bugs come in through open Windows.
I believe in loyalty. When a woman reaches an age she likes, she should stick with it.
Neil Armstrong's only regret while he was alive was that he forgot to take a selfie on the moon.
I took a course in speed waiting. Now I can wait an hour in only ten minutes.
Women may not hit harder, but they hit lower.
Cleavage: The best popcorn catcher.
A consensus means that everyone agrees to say collectively what no one believes individually.
We have a strange custom in our office. The food has names there. Yesterday for example I took a sandwich out of the fridge and its name was "Michael".
What would you get if you crossed a athlete and the Invisible Man?… Sports like no one has ever seen.
What's the definition of trust? Two Cannibals giving each other a blowjob!
Crap. Something is wrong with my cell phone. {Oh Really. What is that?} Its just that...your numbers not in it.
What's a horse's favorite sport? Stable Tennis.
Happy Mother's Day! Yes, it's today. How fast can you glue macaroni into a bracelet?
What's the difference between the Chinese and racism? Racism has many faces.
Muy Picante: What does a nosey pepper do? Gets jalapeño business!
I fell in love at first sight. I should have looked twice.
We are all time travelers moving at the speed of exactly 60 minutes per hour.
Do you wanna play lion tamer? she asks: "What is that?" you say: It's when you get on all fours and I put my head in your mouth.
Judging by the size of these chicken fingers, the chicken was somewhere between 8' to 11' tall.
When I told my family I wanted to do stand-up comedy all they did was laughing.
What did the little mountain say to the big mountain? Hi Cliff!
Why do women pay more attention to their appearance than improving their minds? Because most men are stupid, but few are blind.
How can you tell if a man is happy? Who Cares?
You're so fat that the only way you can fit your whole body into a photo is to use panorama.
You're so fat that Trump, won't need to build a wall anymore, he can just call you to stand at the border.
Q: What did the Dorito say to the other Dorito. 
A: I can't tell you it was to cheesy.
Your hairline is like Pluto, unreachable.
Why do bananas have to put on sunscreen before they go to the beach? Because they might peel!
You have two choices in life: You can stay single and be miserable, or get married and wish you were dead.
The worst thing about having a ghost in your house is the douchey ghost hunters.
I figure I might need a new kidney in 30 years, so I've decided to have a kid.
Why is a bra singular and panties plural?
Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why several of us died of tuberculosis.
What is it when a woman talks dirty to a man? $3.99 a minute.
I work in a library. Literally, all we do is judge books by their covers.
A liberal is a conservative who's been arrested. A conservative is a liberal who's been mugged.
You cannot play with me unless you blow me. -Balloon
Scientists created a six-legged turkey for families who fight over the drumsticks. But the turkeys escaped, and no one can catch them.
Why should you wary of stairs? Because they are always up to something.
Condoms? Hah! Those are for pussies!
People say money is not the key to happiness, but I always figured if you had enough money, you can have a key made.
My wife had me take out more life insurance and now there's no grip left on the bath mat. Weird.
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to catch and mount back home
Wife renewed me for another season.
I've snagged so many catfish on dating sites, I'm now a licensed fisherman.
A man got hit in the head with a can of Coke, but he was alright because it was a soft drink.
I used to date a girl that reported the weather. We had a very stormy relationship.
"Give it to me! Give it to me!" she yelled, "I'm so wet, give it to me now!" She could scream all she wanted to. I was keeping the umbrella.
What kind of car does Jesus drive? A Christler.
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? Because it might crack up!
Why are frogs so happy? They eat whatever bugs them!
79% of U.S. paper money is contaminated with traces of cocaine.
I would count my blessings on Thanksgiving, but my relatives outnumber them.
Happy birthday, Bono. I wanted to get you the perfect present, but I still haven't found what I'm looking for.
My friends laughed at me when I told them I had a hot date and they said she was imaginary. Well the jokes on them – they're imaginary too.
This is not what adulthood looked like in the brochure.
How do men exercise on the beach? By sucking in their stomachs every time they see a bikini.
I'm never smoking weed with immigrants again. I asked "Anyone have any papers?" and they all ran like fuck.
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? They're trying not to attract any more undue blame then they already have.
Like arguing with a forest fire.
There's a pigeon walking up the driveway. I don't care what he wants. I'm not answering the door.
Why do nursing homes give Viagra to the old men every night? It keeps them from rolling out of bed!
What do you call a deaf gynecologist? A lip reader.
What do you call a gay Ginger? Flaming.
Did you fall from heaven? Cause your face is pretty messed up!
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
Doggies just call it style.
Insects puns bug me.
Sorry I'm late. I was trying to think of ways to get out of this.
Feeling stressed out? Make a nice cup of hot tea and then spill it in the lap of whoever's bugging you.
Why do men need instant replay on TV sports? Because after 30 seconds they forget what happened.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
I was polite today. I said please. Well actually, I said "bitch please"... But whatever.
What is better than a cold Bud? A warm bush.
Why are cats, bad storytellers? Because they only have one tale.
Why won't women make good Carpenters? Because men have been saying this much is a foot for years.
Relationship status: Autocorrect changes my girl to my grill.
Sometimes God sends one of your EX back in life just to check if you are still stupid.
WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may cause you to think you can sing.
If The Weekend canceled his tour, would it be next Weekend, the Weekend after next or three Weekends from this Saturday?
Wow, that was embarrassing. I opened my fridge and saw my salad dressing.
I got fired from my job as a chef for stealing kitchen equipment. It's a whisk I was willing to take.
Why did the robot go on summer vacation? He needed to recharge his batteries.
If Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are in a boat and it capsizes. Who survives? America.
Can you say three two-letter words that mean small? Is it in?
I was going to my friend's place but accidentally walked into the wrong house. Turns out it was an orgy. Didn't see that cumming!
Sit down, give your mind a rest - it obviously needs it.
When we were young, we would compare liquor and women. Now we compare statins.
I've never understood how the Nazis couldn't find where Anne Frank was hiding. I've been to Amsterdam... There are signs pointing to her house everywhere.
(NAME) spent most of his university days single But it was by choice. Woman chose not to date him.
I don't know why people troll about China. Last year I bought a watch made in China it still shows me correct time when I bought it.
What do ghosts read? Booooks!
I think, therefore I'm single.
I recently read that love is entirely a matter of chemistry. That must be why my wife treats me like toxic waste.
A woman is like a shadow: when you walk from behind she runs away. When you run from her – follows you behind.
What do you call an Amish guy with his hand up a horse's ass? A mechanic!
I may not be the best-looking guy in here, but I'm the only one talking to you.
What do you call a frog stuck in mud? Unhoppy.
I hate two-faced people. It's so hard to decide which face to slap first.
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
How do you stop a fish from smelling? Cut its nose off.
Why don't women blink during foreplay? They don't have time.
If I ever find out the name of the surgeon that screwed up my limb transplant, I'll kill him... with my bear hands.
What should you do if you see your ex-husband rolling around in pain on the ground? Shoot him again.
What do you call six weeks of rain in Scotland? Summer!
What did the Star Wars fan ask to the car dealer? "Can I buy the Rogue one please?"
If another woman steals your man, there's no better revenge than to let her keep him. Real men can't be stolen.
What is an alien's favorite candy? A Mars bar!
Some species of frog can jump higher than a 3-story office building. It's because of their immensely powerful hind legs, and the fact that office buildings cannot jump.
Why do people keep running over a string a dozen times with their vacuum cleaner, then reach down, pick it up, examine it, then put it down to give their vacuum one more chance?
How do you start a black parade? Roll a 40 down the street.
I'm trying to imagine you with a personality.
The Best way to get back on your feet is to miss a couple of car payments!
Without ME, it's just AWESO.
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
Best goal keepers are women ; they never let any ball enters
Rap is to music as Etch-A-Sketch is to art.
I'm so angry right now that I could strategically throw my phone at a safe spot on the couch.
Save the whales. Collect the whole set.
What do men and women have in common? They both distrust men.
Me (at work): "I think I'm having a heart attack."
My boss: "Do that on your own time!"
If someone ever intimidates you, remember that they're 70% water. Are you scared of water? Well you should be. 400,000 people drown per year.
I asked my pilot if he'd be okay having sex with me on our flight. He replied, "I don't give a flying fuck."
If a stranger offers you a piece of candy...take two.
There are two types of people in this world: Those who can extrapolate from incomplete data.
If I wanted to get trapped in a scary maze, I'd just go into my kid's bedroom.
I woke up this morning and forgot which side the sun rises from, then it dawned on me.
Photography tips: 
1. Stop aiming the camera at yourself
I can't jump over a cow, but you should check out my calves.
I find it very offensive when people get easily offended.
How can you tell if your wife is dead? The sex is the same but the dishes pile up.
There's nothing I've learned from being a father that I couldn't just as easily have figured out from setting all my money on fire.
In India a man was bitten by a snake as he tried to take a 'selfie'. How the snake managed to bite the man and hold a phone simultaneously is a mystery.
What did the mother lion say to her cubs before dinner? "Shall we prey!"
Appreciate how some people don't come out of ATM till they find the meaning of life right there.
Do you know why beer goes through your system so fast? Because it does not have to stop to change color.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
If you are having a blind date on a glacier. Don't break the ice.
The four most beautiful words in our common language: "I told you so."
Every organisation is perfectly designed to get the results they are getting.
IRS: We've got what it takes to take what you've got.
If you have a shitty job, you probably shouldn't lick your fingers at lunch time.
How do I stay humble? Well, it's not easy, but I start by being generally bad at almost all things.
How do they say "fuck you" in Los Angeles? "Trust me."
Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil.
The best thing about living at the beach is that you only have assholes on three sides of you.
Never trust a man that says, "Trust me." and never trust a woman that says "It's fine."
If life hands you lemons, break out the tequila!
Even if you were eaten, there will still be a two way out.
I used to a fan of evolution. But then I have evolved.
I just want to be rich enough to be referred to as eccentric instead of just nuts.
Did you hear the story about the giraffe? Forget it its too long.
Football gave me a traumatic brain injury and I was only watching.
You should be happy we're having turkey, rather than the turkey have us.
Worrying works! 90% of the things I worry about never happen.
I'm on the highway to hell, but ran over the pothole to hell and need the roadside assistance to hell.
When will pigs fly? When we launch them to mars for the astronauts to have bacon!
Cake: the answer, no matter the question.
Stalking is when two people go for a long romantic walk together but only one of them knows it.
A large group of other people's children is called a "Nope".
Just got a booty call from life, apparently it still wants to keep fucking me.
I would make a joke about Shrek, but they are too ogre-used.
Which came first? The birth, or parental disappointment?
I was at a climbing center the other day, but someone had stolen all the grips from the wall; honestly, you couldn't make it up.
The Bermuda Triangle got tired of warm weather. It moved to Finland. Now Santa Claus is missing.
I finally got eight hours sleep. Took me four days but whatever.
I can't cut an onion because it makes me cry. My grandma died cutting an onion.
Why did the teacher jump into the water? She wanted to test the water!
A nice Chinese couple gave me a very good camera down by the Washington Monument. I didn't really understand what they were saying, but it was very nice of them.
What did the pirate say when he found someone? I sea you!
Life doesn't hand me lemons, it fires them at me rapidly from a lemon cannon.
How did Superman's enemies do him in? They put him in his crypt tonite!
What did the farmer say when his hay started blowing away? Hay, come back!
I burnt my Hawaiian pizza today. Should have cooked it on aloha teperature.
Success is like pregnancy. Everybody congratulates you but nobody knows how many times you got fucked to achieve it.
My neighbors are listening to great music. Whether they like it or not.
My mom's favorite part of my birthday is describing my birth in detail to an 18 year old waitress who is just there to get our drink order.
Hi there, I'm a human being! What are you?
He's street smart. Sesame Street smart.
Best Summer Vacation Book Never Written: "Where to Stay on Vacation" by Moe Tell.
Why did the belt get arrested? Because it held up a pair of pants!
What will fall on the lawn first? An autumn leaf or a Christmas catalog?
You must be from Pearl Harbor, 'cause baby, you're the bomb.
I let my kids follow their dreams, unless I already paid the registration fee on their last dream, then they follow that for 6-8 more weeks.
Before the wedding I have loved all the women on earth, after the wedding one woman less.
Behind every fat woman there is a beautiful woman. No seriously, your in the way.
Sex on tv can't hurt unless you fall off.
I've been waiting for the bus so long, someone just stapled a lost cat flyer to my chest.
All my party planning skills revolve around exit strategies.
What happened when the man fell in love with his garden? It made him wed his plants! 
My toddler ate some googly eyes and I'm really excited to see if she's going to recreate the poop emoji.
The worst thing about parallel parking is witnesses.
I can't believe that you were the sperm that won the race, and your still slow.
"What are you eating and how can I help?"
-Dogs
What do you call a owl that does magic tricks? Hoodini.
Those who have some means think that the most important thing in the world is love; the poor know that it is money.
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet? Because of the lactose.
I made dinner reservations for my wife's birthday and told the host there's an extra $20 for the bartenders if they card her.
It is better to be on seventh heaven, rather than on the seventh month.
Why is it that most nudists are people you don't want to see naked?
Wife: "There is something wrong with you." Me: "What a thing to say just before our dog's first salsa lesson."
You gotta feel for kids today, growing up in a world where all the good screen names are already taken.
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
Everyone has a friend who laughs funnier than he jokes.
Should crematoriums give discounts for burn victims?
Who doesn't eat on Thanksgiving? A turkey because it is always stuffed.
How do you know that Santa is a man? No woman wears the same attire every year.
See that shadow on the wall? It's brighter than your future.
If you are not part of the solution, you're probably running for President
I'm on the snake diet. It's the one where you lie on the floor all day, eat 25% of your body weight, and hiss at anyone who comes near you.
People think New Years is a life-changing event. If your life sucked last year, it's probably still going to suck tomorrow.
When I grow up, I'm going to make my kids watch the movie "2012" and tell them I survived that.
Why did the slave go to college? To pick up his master's degree.
He's a recovering alcoholic: recovering from last night!
If a woman gave in very fast it's not because of the man but the men that came before him.
How many light bulbs does it take to change people?
Ninety-nine percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
A conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good.
They were the type of children who would kill both parents and make you feel sorry for them because they were orphans.
If the speed of light is 186,000 miles/sec., what's the speed of darkness?
I don't think it's rude to ask someone in an online dating site to send a picture posing with a copy of today's newspaper.
My dad was a stalker. I want to follow him in his footsteps.
Well aren't you a waste of two billion years of evolution.
The problem with being in the center of attention is that half of it is always behind your back.
Men of quality respect women's equality.
What is a ram's favorite song on February 14th? I only have eyes for ewe, dear 
Life's a bitch, 'cause if it was a slut, it'd be easy.
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says "I'm possible."
Our conscience is clear- we don't use it.
Dogs have masters. Cats have staff.
Isn't it odd the way everyone automatically assumes that the goo in soap dispensers is always soap? I like to fill mine with mustard, just to teach people a lesson in trust.
People who want to share their religious or political views with you almost never want you to share yours with them.
The best reason to divorce or break-up with a man is for health reasons you're sick of him.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
I can't get enough minimalism.
Roses are red violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic and so am I.
You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back.
I love waking up to the sound of birds arguing with their spouses.
Five days of the week, my body is a temple. The other two, it's an amusement park! 
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
A bus is a vehicle that runs twice as fast when you are after it as when you are in it.
What do you call an Italian beggar? Giovanni change.
What is 6.9? A good thing ruined by a period.
Shocked by the Sears news today, I had no idea it was still open.
How many golfers does it take to change a light bulb? FORE!
The poor wish to be rich, the rich wish to be happy, the single wish to be married, and the married wish to be dead.
Drink 'till she's cute, but stop before the wedding.
A woman's favorite position is CEO.
It was love at first sight. Then I took a second look!
Now that I'm older, I realize that my imaginary friend was really nothing more than an imaginary acquaintance.
I seen a black guy riding a bike the other day and I thought it was mine... Then I remembered that mine is chained up in my garage begging for food.
What did the sign on the door of the whorehouse say? "Beat it - we're closed."
Karma is like 69. You get what you give.
Where do fish work? The offish.
What did the boy octopus say to the girl octopus? Can I hold your hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand?
I got into an argument with a mime once, then I had to silence him.
Magician: I need a volunteer. [man stands] Not you. [woman stands] Not you. GARY GET UP HERE! [Gary goes up] We've never met before, right?
Brain cells come and go but fat cells live forever.
If you're ever angry just punch an orphan. What will they do? Complain to their parents?
I wish you were on the football team because I'd love to see your backfield in motion.
Foreign Aid: The transfer of money from poor people in rich countries to rich people in poor countries.
My other body is in the Photoshop.
You don't work – you don't have money to live, you work – there's no time to live.
If you weigh 99 pounds and eat 1 pound of nachos you will be 1% nachos!
Did you hear about the guy that lost his left arm and leg in a car crash? He's all right now.
I'm rich; what am I supposed to do, hide it?
A woman is like a suitcase: both hard to carry and a pity to throw away.
Why was tiger looking inside the toilet? He was looking for Pooh!
Chuck Norris once snorted a kilo of cocaine; it had no effect.
What did the big chimney say to the little chimney? "You're too young to smoke."
I would hug you, but I would rather wait until I'm covered in syrup. And until you have nicer clothes on. 
-Toddlers
If we're going to arm the teachers at least give the librarians silencers.
When they start getting the 5-day forecast right then maybe I'll listen to their climate change theories.
Do you have a date for Valentine's Day? Sirl: Yes, February 14th.
Girl, are you a modern day savings account because I keep investing money in you but I'm not getting much interest.
What did the Valentine's Day card say to the stamp? Stick with me and you'll go places.
I know everyone thinks tall people have a lot of advantages in life but in reality, we have to deal with 40% more spider webs than you do.
If everything seems to be coming your way, you're probably in the wrong lane.
How many men does it take to open a beer? None. It should be opened by the time she brings it.
Marriage is like a coffin and each kid is another nail.
Damn girl, are you a smoke detector? Cause you're annoying and won't shut the fuck up.
Do you sell hot dogs? Because you know how to make a wiener stand.
If I throw a stick, will you leave?
Mothers with teenagers know why animals eat their young.
What cheese can never be yours? Nacho cheese.
On your birthday, remember: don't drink and tattoo.
Hey in my nursing class we just learned how to bathe people can I practice on you?
What's the difference between a new husband and a new dog? After a year, the dog is still excited to see you.
Why don't animals play poker in Africa? Because they're cheetahs.
A celebrity is someone who works hard all his life to become known and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a flat tire.
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
If you lend someone $20, and never see that person again; it was probably worth it.
Smith & Wesson: The original point and click interface.
What do you call a knife in Japan? A Santoku!
Me: "How much for the baby dragon?"
Pet store clerk: "Sir, that's a lizard."
Me: *not listening* "When do they start breathing fire?"
I can't believe I forgot to go to the gym today. That's 7 years in a row now.
Alcoholism is the only disease that tries to convince you that you don't have it.
What do you get when you mix a cheetah and a hamburger? Fastfood!
I got myself into this, and I'll get myself even deeper into this.
Water is composed of two gins, Oxygin and Hydrogin. Oxygin is pure gin. Hydrogin is gin and water.
George washington said "We would have a black president when pigs fly!" ... well, swine flu.
What did one candle say to the other? "Don't birthdays burn you up?"
Definition of a bachelor: A man who has missed the opportunity to make some woman miserable.
What did the pig say at the beach on a hot summer's day? I'm bacon!
So many boys, such little minds. 
Why is the book "Women Who Love Too Much" a disappointment for many men? No phone numbers.
Where the woman's neck ends the infinity begins.
What should you do if you come across an elephant? Apologize and wipe it off.
I wanted to make a joke about criminals, but I was scared it would get stolen.
My wife said wanted something shiny that went from 0-150 in under 2 seconds. I gave her a scale.
What dog can't bark? A hot dog.
Donated his brain to science before he was done using it.
Pork and Leek... great flavor for sausages... lousy brand name for condoms.
You know you're getting old when you have more candles on your cake than friends at your birthday party.
What's the definition of a Yankee? Same thing as a "quickie", only you do it yourself.
Do you need space? Join NASA!
When you go into court, you are putting your fate into the hands of people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty.
Why do women pierce their bellybutton? Place to hang their air freshener.
If we put aside our differences and work together, I truly believe we can come up with a few more alternate spellings of the name Britney.
Time is like money, the less we have of it to spare the further we make it go.
Marriage through the ages creates new reflexive responses, for example it was only the other night the wife panted that she was so very hot, so I turned on the airconditioner.
The three unwritten rules of life:
1.
2.
3.
Let's emotionally damage each other and call it Love.
Why do field hockey players never sweat? They have too many fans!
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad away.
I once dated a girl with a twin. People asked me how I could tell them apart. It was simple, Jill painted her nails purple and Bob had a cock.
Why didn't the dog want to play football? It was a boxer!
I may not be Fred Flintstone but I can make your bed rock.
There's only one thing better than the cutest cat in the world. A Dog.
Why didn't the skeleton want to go to school? His heart wasn't in it.
There are 364 days until Christmas and people already have their Christmas lights up. Unbelievable...
What's got four legs and one arm? A Rottweiler.
What do you call a snake that's exactly 3.14 meters long? A πthon.
I was going to be an optometrist, but couldn't see things clearly.
Darling, what are you thinking about right now? If I would want you to know, I would say it not think about it.
I ran three miles today. Finally I said, "Lady take your purse."
Real men don't cry…tears for real men are only unnecessary liquids in the body.
Is pikachu called pikachu because he always say pikachu or is he saying pikachu because he is pikachu?
Why do they call it PMS? Because Mad Cow Disease was already taken.
Thanks to Facebook, I never forget the birthdays of people I don't really know.
Who invented the brush they put next to the toilet? That thing hurts!
I wasn't lying, I was just writing fiction with my mouth.
I have a friend. He keeps trying to convince me he's a compulsive liar, but I don't believe him.
I disapprove of every conspiracy of which I am not a part.
I'd tell a joke about claustrophobic people, but it might be to tight for you.
You know the world is going crazy when the best rapper is a white guy, the best golfer is a black guy, the tallest guy in the NBA is Chinese, the Swiss hold the America's Cup, France is accusing the U.S. of arrogance, Germany doesn't want to go to war, and the three most powerful men in America are named ‘Bush', ‘Dick', and ‘Colon'. Need I say more?
Did you hear about the female rapper who only battled while she was on her menstrual cycle? They say she had a mean flow.
Girls wanting giant ass teddy bears, & VS bags, and bouquets of underwear for valentines day. Just give me some pizza & I'll love u forever.
I think without doubt the best job in Iraq, would have to be Foreign Ambassador...
Take time to relax especially when you don't have time for it.
What's the difference between a knife and a feminist? The knife has a point.
Are you sitting on the F5 key? Because your backside is refreshing.
Where were you i have been waiting for half an hour. Said No Girl Ever.
You should need a license to be that ugly.
If you ever get cold, just stand in the corner of a room for a while. They're normally around 90 degrees.
How do you keep your husband from reading your e-mail? Rename the mail folder "Instruction Manuals."
Where do zombies like to go swimming? The Dead Sea.
Why are bad school grades like a shipwreck in the Arctic Ocean? They're both below C level!
I ran into my ex the other day, hit reverse, and ran into him again.
I made voodoo dolls of my dogs just so I could still rub their bellies while I'm at work.
Apple should make a sarcasm font and call it the iRoll.
Autocorrect is Freudian slip of smartphone age.
Whenever I get on my roof to clean the gutters, I always slip and fall. Every shingle time.
I'm no weatherman but I know you're going to get 3 inches tonight.
Accept it. Your parents HAVE had sex before.
What's the difference between a girlfriend and a wife? 45 pounds. 
The 80s were great because I didn't have to look at your selfies.
Why does someone who runs marathons make a good student? Because education pays off in the long run!

You are the reason Santa even has a naughty list.
My hope for you is that you someday find the end of your sentence
When a twitter troll disappears it just means his mom changed the wifi password until his chores are done.
My friend: "Hurry up, someone calls the fire department!"
Me: "We are the fire department!"
I like to give people blank "Thank you" cards for their birthdays and then when they ask me what it's for I say, "You'll thank me later!"
What do u call 1,000 black people on a plane back to Africa? A good start.
How do most men define a wedding? An expensive way to get laundry done for free.
What happened to the egg when he was tickled too much? He cracked up.
I started a company selling landmines that look like prayer mats. Prophets are going through the roof.
Walruses are like Tupperware - they both like a tight seal.
If love is the answer, could you rephrase the question?
What is Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination? Hand-eye.
I got fired from Yankee candle factory because I refused to work wick ends!
Insanity is hereditary. You get it from your kids.
Nothing makes me more suspicious than an unsolicited compliment.
How do you get a couple of fat birds into bed? Piece of cake.
You're so fat that your husband rolled over after sex, rolled over again and was STILL on top of you.
Pakistan army will never try to win the war against India, someone told them winner has to speak English on live television.
Join the Army, meet interesting people, and kill them.
Why do vegetarians give good head? Because they are used to eating nuts!
"Could you take a couple steps back. I have a nut allergy."
Guy: Wanna go out? Girl: I have a boyfriend. Guy: It's just like soccer, just because theres a goalie doesnt mean you cant score.
The more beautiful the woman is who loves you, the easier it is to leave her with no hard feelings.
If everyone was like you the human race would lose faith in the world.
Why do women prefer old gynecologists? Their shaky hands!
I took my new car back to the dealers, complaining it only did left turns - "drive in the opposite direction then" he said.
If you can't buy a person, you can always sell him.
What's the difference between when a southern person says mother fucker and when a and a northern person says mother fucker? 
The southern person means it.
One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor.
Did you hear the joke about the Liberty Bell? Yeah, it cracked me up!
Trying to understand women is like trying to smell color 9.
I have the Emergency Alert Warning sound set as the ringtone for when my wife calls.
I have clean conscience. I haven't used it once until now.
When checking out at the grocery store, I always pick the cashier who's most likely to have sex with me. I always end up at the self-checkout.
Are you a cat because you're purrrrrrfect.
You owe me a drink, you're so ugly I dropped mine when I saw you.
What is live? Life is love. Whats love? Love is kissing. Whats kissing? Come here and I show you.
It is said that, a way to a man's heart goes through a stomach. Aha…you might think that men go to their lovers to eat some soup.
It takes two to lie... One to lie and one to listen...
You're wrong! I touched second base. I missed third… but I touched second.
Wanna fork? Not to-knife, but as spoon as I feel better.
I spy with my little eye nothing because I only have two normal-sized eyes.
What did one squirrel say to the other? Come around the tree and I'll show you my nuts.
You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on.
Why did the banana go out with the prune? Because it couldn't get a date. 
Olympic track makes you feel like you witnesed a crime, because you hear a gunshot and then see a bunch of black guys hauling ass.
If your parachute won't open, you have the rest of your life to fix it.
If the sun is so hot how come it's single.
Hey baby, I'm a power source, and you're the kind of resistor i'd like to deliver my load to.
Why did the volleyball player cross the road? There are players on the other side.
I'm not trying to boss you around just do what I say.
Why were the Middle Ages called the Dark Ages? Because there were too many knights.
The real reason I keep my car messy is just in case anyone ever tries to steal it maybe they will feel sorry for me instead.
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know and I don't care.
I want our relationship to be like a Nintendo DS cartridge. If we have any problems, take it out, blow on it, and put it back in.
She's so fat, she's got more chins than a Chinese phone book.
I once dated a mime. I hope I left her with a good impression.
I've been on so many blind dates, I should get a free dog. 
The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense.
I am a virtuous woman, that's why I cost more!
I came into this world screaming and I still haven't stopped.
Egotist: A person who is usually me-deep in conversation.
Goes to the gym, lays on the mat to stretch, falls asleep.
How do you fix a woman's watch? Why should you? There's a clock on the oven.
I took my relatives kids to the movies it only cost all the money I had for the cookout tomorrow and my rent.
Vagina - the box a penis comes in.
What do you call a mama cat? Tittycat!
Nutella: A reason to buy bread.
What's a sexoholic's favorite roller coaster? Iron Rattler.
What is Dracula's favorite fruit? A nectarine.
What do you call a mountain where people never sleep? Mt Neverest.
I was raped by a group of mimes. They did unspeakable things to me.
Did Adam and Eve ever have a date? No, but they had an Apple. 
I pretend to work as long as they pretend to pay me.
Here's a step by step guide to walking up the stairs, step 1) Right foot, step 2) Left foot, step 3) Right foot...
Offer to wake up early and make pancakes for your family. Cut up round, pancake-size pieces of cloth beforehand. Coat the cloth pieces with batter and cook them up. They look like actual pancakes, but can't be cut, even with a knife.
I saw a man yesterday who was so bald I could see what he was thinking.
New Year's is just a holiday created by calendar companies who don't want you reusing last year's calendar.
The fish tube is a government ploy to distract us from the very suspicious circumstances surrounding Jeffrey Epstein's death stay woke people.
If your partner asks, "Do you love your phone more than you love me?" Lie.
What is a dentist's office?… A filling station.
Just cause you got a bigger brain doesn't mean you got more IQ.
I don't want to be a millionaire. I just want to have enough money to stare off into the distance while pumping gas.
I opened the dishwasher and it's full of clean dishes and I'm scared my wife is going to know that I know.
Women are cursed, and men are the proof.
What happens when you fall in love with a french chef? You get buttered up. 
Kobe Bryant wears the number 24 to remind himself of how many seconds he has to hog the ball.
Evolution: True science fiction.
Men, if you have met your dream girl, materialize her.
I wanted to be an astronaut but my parents told me the sky was the limit.
A real Don Juan has to dress not only tasteful but also very quickly.
What do you call a very small valentine? A valentiny.
I am right ninety eight percent of the time - who cares about the other three percent.
What do friends and trees have in common? They both fall down when you hit them with an axe.
Me: "Hey did you buy '100 Count Tennis Balls' from Amazon?"
Wife: "No."
Dog: Pretending to read newspaper.
Why was the broom late? It over swept!
She wanted to sell me a whole bedroom set, but I just wanted one nightstand.
What sound does a train make when it's eating?... Chew chew... Very Punny right?
How many niggers does it take to shingle a roof? Depends on how thin you slice 'em.
What is the difference between a drug dealer and a hooker? A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again. 
How can you tell a black person is lying? His lips are moving.
No matter what has happened. No matter what you've done. No matter what you will do. I will always love you. I swear it.
I went geese hunting the other day but once they started flying I knew the game was up.
I was never a photogenic person, because when everyone said cheese I said "WHERE"?
I wanted to be a hair stylist for bald people.
What do you call cheese that is not yours? Nacho cheese!
What part of your family can you see through? A transparent.
Did you hear about the athlete who wore two jackets when she painted the house? The instructions on the can said: "Put on two coats."
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you.
I once dated a woman who uses a nightlight. What a turn off.
It ain't the jeans that make your butt look fat.
Why did the octapus? Because the seaweed.
I say no to alcohol, it just doesn't listen.
Why do gorillas have big nostrils? Because they have big fingers.
Why are men like blenders? You need one, but you're not quite sure why.
See no evil, hear no evil, date no evil.
I had such a crush on my sixth-grade teacher... I was home schooled.
The winner of the costume contest was the invisible man. He was invisible, and his wife wasn't much to look at either.
What is white when it's dirty and black when it's clean? A blackboard!
Life is good you know. So I suggest you get one.
Some people are only alive because it is illegal to shoot them.
Why is a traffic light red? You would be red too if you were changing in front of people all day.
What did Spartacus do to the cannibal who ate his nagging wife? Nothing, he's gladiator.
A cauliflower is a plant explosion in extremely slow motion.
I've got my ion you, baby!
What's the difference between light and hard? You can sleep with a light on.
Money is the root of all wealth.
What's brown and runny? Usain Bolt.
I dropped my phone in the toilet and now you're all baptized.
Yo mama so stupid she tried to climb mountain dew.
Can't wait to start my New Years resolution in 2018!
Most women don't know where to look when they're eating a banana.
What's the height of conceit? Having an orgasm and calling out your own name. 
Why did the snowman call his dog Frost ? Because frost bites ! 
A girl never comments on another unless she's jealous.
Why was six scared of seven? Because seven "ate" nine.
Your baby looks the same as it did yesterday. *Me, commenting on a Facebook picture.*
I think I'm agnostic, but I haven't decided.
What's another name for the highway to hell?
The route of all evil.
They call me coffee cause I grind so fine.
You have to be flexible to work here. On many occasions, you'll be asked to bend over and grab your ankles.
I flirted with disaster last night. Now disaster won't stop texting me.
My friend's friend is my friend. My friend's girlfriend is my friend. My friend's boyfriend is just a scum.
Hard work is simply the refuge of people who have nothing whatever to do.
Why are spiders great tennis players? Cause they have great topspin.
What did the math book say to the psychologist? "Would you like to hear my problems?"
Do they have reserved parking for non-handicapped people at the Special Olympics?
You are depriving some poor village of its idiot.
There are two kinds of people who don't say much: those who are quiet and those who talk a lot.
Errors have been made. Others will be blamed.
An iron rule of a leader – make love to your wife in the morning and you will be the first.
Yo momma is so fat, when she sat on an iPod, she made the iPad!
I've been running as fast as I can, but I still can't catch my breath.
Why does the bride always wear white? Because it is good for the dishwasher to match the stove and refrigerator.
If opposites truly attract, the correct life strategy is to be a loser.
My favorite part of Fall is walking through a hundred spider webs a day and screaming every single time.
My friend's in prison for flashing; he says he can't bare it anymore.
Why did the pig give his girlfriend a box of candy? It was Valenswine's Day.
Why can't you play badminton in the jungle? Because there are too many cheetahs.
I wish there was a way to keep in touch with dogs I meet outside of grocery stores.
I slapped Dwayne Johnson's ass. I guess I've hit Rock Bottom.
My dear old grandmother always used to say the way to a man's heart was through his stomach, which is why she lost her job as a cardiac surgeon.
Do you know what the square root of 69 is? Ate something. (8.xxxxxxx....)
My family always celebrates Thanksgiving with a fast. The faster we eat, the more food we get.
I wish I had a man around the house... to hand me my tools while I'm fixing things.
I was going to be a computer forensics expert, but couldn't hack IT.
Out of my mind. Back in five minutes.
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and call whatever you hit the target.
It's not love until you don't want them to have a good time without you.
Sorry I missed your call, I was busy seeing how many times my phone would ring before you gave up.
If the answer to all questions is yes, so why not?
What did Mister A say to Mister E? It's the popular mystery.
I wanted to tell you that wherever I am, whatever happens, I'll always think of you, and the time we spent together, as my happiest time. I'd do it all over again, if I had the choice. No regrets.
Eyelashes are supposed to prevent things from getting into your eyes but when I do have something in my eye it's always an eyelash. Eyeronic.
What kind of bees make milk? Boobies
Q: What did the peanut butter say to the bread? A: Quit loafing around!
What do you call a monkey with a gun? Gorillawarfare.
I love my six packs so much that I have protected it with layers of fat.
Why are teachers happy at Halloween parties? Because there is lots of school spirit!
The early bird gets the worm but the late worm gets to live.
An honest politician is one who, when he is bought, will stay bought.
How do we know that soccer referees are happy? Because they whistle while they work.
Love helps to kill time. And time helps to kill love.
Don't feed the animals at the zoo! You should better feed the security guard!
How many Germans does it take to change a light bulb? One. They are efficient and don't have humor.
What kind of tie does a ghost wear to a formal party? A boo-tie.
Losing a husband can be hard: in my case it was almost impossible.
How is education going to make me smarter?
Canadians are more polite when they are being rude than Americans are when they are being friendly.
Mom, thanks for providing me with love that's as never-ending as your voicemails.
I'd call someone pregnant "totally fucked".
What is Al Caedas favorite football team? The New York Jets.
I'm in a long distance relationship, her restraining order ends tomorrow.
100,000 sperm and you were the fastest?
She is not my reword, I am her punishment.
Does your head only have Udon noodles instead of a brain?
Handsome, Sweet, Intelligent, spontaneous, good-looking, nice friends, charming, funny, well...Enough about ME! How about you?
On a scale of 1 to 11, how would you rate Arabs? 9 out of 11.
Why wasn't Jesus born in the USA? Because God couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.
Me: I know a gay guy that sounds like an owl. Friend: Who?
If you want to hide your face, go out naked.
There are all types of love in this world but never the same love twice.
Your way sounds super safe and rational. Let's do it my way.
My girlfriend started smoking, so I slowed down and applied Lubricant.
When in doubt, mumble.
With a calendar, your days are numbered.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't work? A stick.
Where do bad gymnasts go? Behind parallel bars!
I asked my friend for a sharpened pencil, but he didn't have one. I always knew he was a little dull...
Can I buy you a drink, or do you just want the money?
I asked my mother where I have been born when she told me in a hospital. I responded: "Mom was I ill?"
Why did the prawn leave the nightclub? Because he pulled a muscle.
Why are aspirins white? Because they work.
Hi, I'm bisexual. I'd like to BUY you a drink...and then get sexual.
I can't count how many times I failed maths at school.
What's a man's idea of a perfect date? A woman who answers the door stark naked holding a six pack.
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None. It's a hardware problem.
How do you prevent a Summer cold? Catch it in the Winter!
If you are joining a new bank bring money with you, make sure you take that into account.
That awesome moment when you open the fridge and the first thing you see is the thing you wanted to eat.
If you win three games of Twister in a row you're automatically a yoga instructor.
A woman is like a parachute – can refuse at any time, that's why you need to have a spare one.
Just about the time when you think you can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
I was thinking about how people seem to read the Bible a whole lot more as they get older. Then it dawned on me ... they were cramming for their finals.
Stop with the blind jokes ... I don´t see the point.
What's one of the worst things about giving a man a blow job? The view.
I like work. It fascinates me. I sit and look at it for hours.
Sometimes when I reflect back on all the beer I drink I feel shamed. Then I look into the glass and think about the workers in the brewery and all of their hopes and dreams. If I didn't drink this beer, they might be out of work and their dreams would be shattered. Then I say to myself, "It is better that I drink this beer and let their dreams come true than be selfish and worry about my liver.
A nice box of chocolates provide your total daily intake of calories in one place. Isn't that handy?
What do you call a black with no arms? Trustworthy.
I'm good at multitasking and procrastinating, which means right now there are at least 28 things that I'm putting off until later.
What's the object of a Jewish football game? To get the quarterback.
The best way to remember your 21st birthday, is not at all. Have fun blacking out.
What do u do when your sitting in the dark and your TV starts to float? You turn on the lights and shoot the black guy stealing it.
I was sexually active at 12. It's now 12:15 and my arm is killing me.
Love – is an extreme sympathy that leads to bed.
Every wife should understand one thing: a dinner will taste better if she cooks it less frequently.
Why did the boy throw the butter out the window? To see a butterfly.
Are you from Japan? Cause I'm currently trying to get in japanties.
Look, if crying doesn't solve the problem, then maybe I'm just not the person you should be asking.
Yesterday I went for a walk with a beautiful girl. When she noticed me, we went for a run.
Why are men are like coffee? The best ones are rich, hot, and can keep you up all night.
Do it tomorrow. You have made enough mistakes for today.
My honey farmer friend has a thing for big butts. I suppose Booty is in the eye of the bee-holder.
Do you know how to lose weight... fast.
You are one well-defined function!
Why did the chicken cut his legs and wings off? To make his dinner.
When decorating your tween daughter's room, don't forget to leave ample space for half the glasses in your kitchen.
Duck tape fixes everything... Except relationships because she won't let you put it over her mouth.
When there's a will, I want to be in it.
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs? Because they don't want to be mistaken as feminists.
I have a lot in common with my Velcro wallet. We're both simple and great at holding everything in.
Are your pants 50% off? Cuz they'll be 100% off in my room.
Father's day, the most confusing day in the ghetto.
I'm selling a parachute – just as new, used only one time, didn't open once.
What's the difference between a female lawyer and a pitbull terrier? Lipstick!
What happened when the dog went to the flea circus ? He stole the show !
Got a ceiling fan? Put some little piles of talcum powder on top of the blades and wait for somebody to turn it on. It'll be snowing indoors.
I named a comet after you. It's called "piece of shit comet".
Why did the farmer only wear one boot to town? He heard there would be a 50% chance of snow!
I would tell you a joke about my shoe but I think I shoedn't.
Why did God create gay men? So fat girls could dance.
I was at a restaurant and I noticed my waitress had a black eye. So I ordered very sloooowly because obviously she doesn't listen.
What's the difference between your job and a dead prostitute? Your job still sucks!
Black people are like carpets. When they get dirty, just chain them to the back of your truck and drive.
69% of people find something dirty in every sentence.
"Hey Dad, have you seen my sunglasses?" "No son, have you seen my glasses?"
Thanks honey for rolling over at 3am and telling me I should get some sleep.
In my insomnia stupor that hadn't crossed my mind.
In politics, absurdity is not a handicap.
If I followed you home, would you keep me?
My doctor wants to have me tested for lupus which is ridiculous, as I've never even seen a werewolf.
HOW DO I TURN OFF CAPS LOCK? I ACCIDENTALLY TURNED IT ON YESTERDAY AND I DON'T KNOW HOW TO TURN IT BACK OFF. ALL MY FRIENDS ARE MAD BECAUSE THEY THINK I AM SHOUTING AT THEM OVER INTERNET. PLEASE HELP!!!
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose? Full.
Q: How is life like a penis?
A: Your girlfriend makes it hard.
[man] Excuse me, would you like to dance? [women] NO! [man] Maybe u didn't hear me.... I said u look really fat in those pants!
My mother + my father – condom = MOST AWESOME PERSON ALIVE!
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
Did you hear about the junkie that was addicted to brake fluid and Crystal Meth? He said he could stop anytime.
He can't decide whether to have his visor half open or half closed.
What should you give a man who has everything? A woman to show him how to work it.
If breaks are meant to be slow... then why do they call it "breakfast"?
It's not that I'm afraid to die, I just don't want to be there when it happens.
RSVP: ⚪️yes         ⚪️no                      ⚫️yes now but then no later on
Women who seek to be equal to men...LACK AMBITION!
Why do women have smaller feet than men? It's one of those "evolutionary things" that allows them to stand closer to the kitchen sink.
What did the dentist said to the Sabretooth tiger? You have outstanding teeth.
You can do more with a kind word and a gun than with just a kind word.
Do not walk behind me, for I may not lead. Do not walk ahead of me, for I may not follow. Do not walk beside me either. Just pretty much leave me the hell alone.
A day without sunshine is like, well, night.
When some one types "kys," the way you can get them back is type, "Kiss? Aww, thanks!" They wil probably think you are stupid, but it is still hilarious.
I'm just looking for a nice high maintenance girl who uses the dogface on Snapchat, takes tons of selfies, and listens to Taylor Swift.
Missionary Impossible: When 2 fat people try to have sex.
If I discovered a new animal I'd call it a Quorn to mess with vegetarians.
The results of a Harvard study found that 9 out of 10 people who do not eat meat suffer from chronic constipation, proving that what happens in vegans, stays in vegans.
You're the best! At being the worst.
When a young white girl saw a blind person, her mother told her not to stare. She doesn't look at Asians anymore.
What do you call a man with half a brain? Gifted.
It's two in the morning.  Do you know where your blankets are?
Twitter is my 'serious' account. My Bank account is the 'joke' one.
Is your name Summer? ‘Coz you're HOT!
Do you think they named April Fool's Day in your honor?
Cannibals like to meat people.
Roses are #FF0000, violets are #0000FF. All my base are belong to you.
I was about to crack a joke on boxers; now leave it, I forgot the punchline.
I'd stand in a room amongst a group of people and say "hey do you guys want to see a joke?" Then walk out of the room, then walk back in whilst presenting myself in a grand fashion. "Et voila."
I don't like telling dairy jokes 'cause they're always too cheesy.
Buy a prepaid gift card from Starbucks or another store for $25. Then use it for yourself till it only has 25 cents left on it. Present it as a gift to your fool.
Somedays I feel like running away. Then I remember how much I hate running.
How does an elephant climb a tree? It stands on an acorn and waits for it to grow.
I used to drink all brands of beer. Now, I am older Budweiser!
How do you make a black nervous? Take him to an auction.
I haven't slept for three days, because that would be too long.
Hey baby, what's your resonance frequency?
What do farmers give their wives on Valentine's Day? Hog and kisses! 
Where does Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies.
I could make jokes about bears, but they are unbearable.
 I don't do different things... It's just that I do things differently!
Cowgirls are like cow pats - the older they are, the easier they are to pick up.
The new french tank is pretty cool, it can go in 16 directions. 15 of which go backwards, 1 goes forwards in case the enemy comes from behind.
How did the reporter kill himself? Noosepaper.
The slogan for Canada Dry should be "I hope you feel better."
How Do they say "F**k You" in Hollywood? "Trust Me..."
A sports expert is the guy who writes the best alibis for being wrong.
How many men does it take to screw in a light bulb? One. He just holds it up there and waits for the world to revolve around him.
What do you call dog meat? Pet food.
You may have a heart of gold, but so does a hard-boiled egg.
Netflix and scroll through the selections until it's too late to start watching anything.
The less skilled the player, the more likely he is to share his ideas about the golf swing.
You can't live, without, your... liver
Old Chinese proverb: Rape impossible! Woman with skirt up run faster than man with trousers down!
Stress is caused by giving a fuck.
Be kind. Some people grew up in Pepsi households.
Do one thing that scares you every day. Maybe do four things. Live in constant fear.
I think it'd be cool if they made those classical nude sculptures out of timber instead of stone, wooden tit?
Is Japan looking for you? Cause you're on a whale watch.
Political parties are like toilet paper. Whichever side you select, you end up getting poop!
The Rock's wife introducing him to her friends: "This is Dwayne "my rock" Johnson."
Remember a sense of humor does not mean that you tell him jokes, it means you laugh at his.
I know I'm getting old... the other day I walked past a cemetery and two guys attacked me with shovels.
Doc says to the patient, "You have the body of a twenty-year-old, but you should return it. You're stretching it completely out of shape."
How does one know a man is going to say something smart?..His senentences start with "A woman once told me.."
How are husbands like lawn mowers? They're hard to get started, they emit noxious odors, and half the time they don't work.
Masturbating makes your dick smaller. Don't believe me? Asians have really fast internet. Africa doesn't.
The new iPhone X has facial recognition. Some of you all ladies are gonna be locked out after you wash your face off.
The same people who laugh at gypsy fortune tellers take economists seriously.
One-seventh of your life is spent on Mondays.
The doctors found a diseased blood type: U.
Sorry, I'm out of my mind at the moment, please leave a message and I'll get back to you as soon as possible. 
I think the most exciting thing about being an adult is never knowing what part of your body is going to hurt the next day
I'm sure my neighbor Nicholas is trying to poison me... You're such an Arse, Nick.
All pro athletes are  bilingual. They speak English and profanity.
Anyone can sit here and buy you drinks. I want to buy you dinner!
Marriage is like a bar of soap. It smells delicious until you take a bite out of it!
My sister asked me to bring her something hard to write on. I don't know why she became so mad. It's pretty fucking hard to write on the sand.
I'd advise you graduates to keep your graduation gown. It's the only outfit you might not outgrow.
When do people start using their trampoline? Spring-Time.
Are your pants from outer space or is your butt just out of this world?
I love the way you move...like butter on a bald monkey.
The more people I meet, the more I like my dog.
We can copy any document for you. We do not require the original.
We shouldn't make fun of fat people because they already have enough on their plate.
What's the difference between a $20 steak and a $55 steak? February 14th.
Why do Republicans spend so much money on bathroom fixtures? They really love the Grand Old Potty!
Relationship Status: I'm a Rubik's Cube. Now try and figure me out.
The proper way to use a stress ball is to throw it at the last person to piss you off.
I wondered why the Frisbee was getting bigger, and then it hit me.
The video from the ring infects people with airborne pathogens. The video went viral.
If there's a hardship greater than putting cheese on a cracker and having it break before it gets into your mouth I've not heard of it.
Sounds like its time to get that Enterprise built!
Glad I'm not a general, because auto-correct just changed "lunch order" to "launch order."
I used to think all black people had boomboxes. Then I realized that was just a stereo type.
Why dont blacks celibrate thanksgiving? KFC isnt open on holidays.
Inflation: Being broke with a lot of money in your pocket.
I have no business with you, unless behind the bushes.
"Why don't you trust me?", she texted both the guys simultaneously.
Whenever I find the key to success, someone changes the lock.
Beer: It's not just for breakfast anymore.
Why did the stupid boy put clothes on the valentines he was sending? Because they needed to be ad-dressed! 
Why does night fall but never break and day break but never fall?
Do you want to speak to the manager or someone who know's what's going on?
What's a man's idea of a balanced diet? Beer in each hand!
Ninety two percent of cross-eyed teachers have difficulty controlling their pupils.
Are you a termite? Cause you're about to have a mouth full of wood.
If you want your dreams to be as fascinating to other people as they are to you, don't mention it's a dream until the end of the story.
My drinking team has a bowling problem.
What will it take to reunite Nirvana? Two more bullets.
I'm having an introvert party and you're all not invited.
I bet we can get into some serious Treble together.
Say what you want about deaf people...
People who wait 4 hours to reply to my text with "lol" should be shot.
A woman just asked me if I like thighs or breasts. Told her I like shaved vagina and anal. Apparently, this isn't an appropriate answer at KFC.
Why don't blacks like Tylenol? They have to pick cotton to get to them.
You can't tell me what to do, you're not my dog.
Men and women were created equal, but women continued to improve.
Why did the student study in an airplane? He wanted a higher education! 
Time does'nt exist. Clocks exists.
Every day two million Americans play tennis and one million of them lose.
What do you call a homo police dog? A Gay-9.
Panties not best thing on earth, but next to it.
Leading up to the wedding (NAME) has been on a whiskey diet. His lost three days already.
How did they improve the transportation in Harlem? Moved the trees closer together.
Why don't black people listen to country music? Because when they hear hoe down they think their sister has been shot.
What do cannibals do at a wedding? Toast the bride and groom.
Why'd the semen cross the road? I wore the wrong pair of socks.
I'm not racist, I have a colored tv.
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don't need it.
Where does one apply to be a "kept man"?
Some people are so happy to see you in the parade, so they have another reason to crap on it.
I like two kinds of men: domestic and imported.
Incompetence knows no barriers of time or place.
Can February March? No, but April May!
What do you call a bunch of black people running down a hill? A prison break.
If you were on fire and I had water I would drink it.
A woman is like a well-served table at which a man looks one way before he eats and differently after he ate.
The first step to causing drama is making sure you tell everyone you hate drama.
Why can't pigs tell a joke? Because they're such a bore.
Excuse me, I'm a little short on cash. Mind if we shared a cab home?
Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter since nobody listens.
Only in America ... do banks leave both doors open and then chain the pens to the counters.
Why do we press harder on a remote control when we know the batteries are getting weak?
Why is it called Alcoholics ANONYMOUS when the first thing you do is stand up and say, ‘My name is Peter and I am an alcoholic'
When you're wondering whether she's his daughter or his girlfriend, she's his girlfriend.
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?
What part of a football ground is never the same? The changing rooms.
What's the difference between a man and a woman? Don't think dirty! Only "wo".
I hate zebras. It's not because they're black and it's not because they're white; It's because they're African.
Do you know any bird that can write? Pen-guine.
Why do men get their great ideas in bed? Because their plugged into a genius! 
I heard that Michael Jackson loved his soda, so much so that they called him the King of Pop.
When a woman breast feeds in public it's called natural, but when I do it, the woman calls the cops.
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
What is the difference between frustration and satisfaction? "What the Fuck!" and "What a Fuck!"
After Yoko Ono told John Lennon she loves him 8 days a week, Lennon wrote the song "Help!".
I'll only go to elementary school reunions because those people didn't start to hate me until we were in high school.
Why did the soccer ball quit the team? It was tired of being kicked around.
Who lit the fuse on your tampon?
Why don't women want to get engaged on St Patricks Day? 'Cause they don't want to get a "sham rock".
At school he used to enjoy streaking. On it's own, not a particularly interesting fact, until you consider he was at an ALL BOYS boarding school.
Hey baby, wanna violate the Pauli Exclusion Principle with me?
What is it? "It" is a pronoun.
I hated my job at the fireworks factory, I got fired a lot.
When his I.Q. reaches 50, he should sell.
It's funny how one person can make you never trust anybody...
When you go to the drugstore, why are the condoms not in with the other party supplies?
Did you hear about the cannibal who dumped his girlfriend?
Shut up, will you?" "Oh, I'm sorry, Your Highness, should I go get you your coffee and tea now?
What makes you think this is my first time?
When I asked if you'd like to go out on a date sometime, I meant with me.
You should be wearing a jersey so i dont have to ask for your name or number
Why do stores have Halloween decorations in August? This is ridiculous. Nobody wants to... Oooo look! Candy corn.
What kind of Uber are you - long or short rides?
Now I know why they call it a beaver, because I'm dying for your wood.
What's the difference between Tiger Woods and Santa? Santa stopped at 3 ho's.
How about we do some peer-to-peer sharing? Your domain or mine?
Raising children takes a village, preferably one with many vineyards.
I just researched my family tree and discovered that I am the sap!
I met the man who invented the windowsill. He's a ledge.
I feel like Tampax – at a good place, but wrong time…
What do a dentist and a tennis coach have in common? They both use drills!
What did the doctor say to the alcoholic? Keep taking the Pils.
Why do midgets laugh while running through the yard? The grass tickles their nuts.
Get stoned. Drink wet cement.
I'm sure there's a supplement I could take or another easy solution to cure my laziness. Someone look into it for me.
All generalizations are false, including this one.
With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine.
Do ten millipedes equal one centipede?
Once we had Clinton, Johnny Cash and Bob Hope. Now we have Bush, no Cash and no Hope. 
A man is running after a woman, just until she catches him.
Me in public: "There are too many people on this earth. We need a new plague."
You must be some kind of weirdo to like The Doors. I guess People Are Strange.
I know its not Christmas, but Santa's lap is always ready.
Are you Christmas, because I want to Merry you.
Q: What did the full moon vampire say to the other full moon vampire?
A: See you next month!
What do Hollywood actresses and Houston, TX have in common? They both got fucked by Harvey.
What did the banana say to the vibrator? What are you shaking for? She's going to eat me!
What do you say we make this a Not-so-Silent Night?
How can you tell a Sumo wrestler from a feminist? A Sumo wrestler shaves his legs.
Someone says to his friend: "I bought a cat"
And the other: "You have to be kitten me!"
Putting your iPod on shuffle around your friends is like playing Russian roulette with their respect for you.
Welcome to Utah: set your watch back 20 years.
Why didn't the elephant buy a suitcase for his summer vacation? Because he already had a trunk!
Most guys walk up and stick it in... I stick it in then walk up...
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception
It used to be only death and taxes were inevitable. Now, of course, there's shipping and handling, too. 
Chem students do it on the table periodically.
Sacred cows make the best hamburgers. 
I am the ghost of Christmas Future Perfect Subjunctive: I will show you what would have happened were you not to have changed your ways!
I feel bad for single guys out there. Snap chat filters make 2s look like 10s. Good luck.
It is better to have a hole in your hand than a hand in your hole.
People keep telling me to become a stand-up comedian and I'm like "Ugh, standing."
My diet always starts on a Monday morning and ends at the donuts somebody brings into the office later that morning.
What's your amplitude for charm-strange mixing?
What did the chicken say when it got to the library? "Book book book book book book book..."
It's 10 pm, time to eat the fridge.
Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines. …
Why do men like smart women? Opposites attract.
I have two dicks; one for fucking and the second one for laughing!
My brother and I were visiting our grandmother in the hospital. My brother says "grandma I can't stand to see you like this..." 
My grandmother replies "well get the hell out then!"
Men are like mascara, they usually run at the first sign of emotion.
My life is so shitty, Spike Lee wants to direct it.
If you eat too much curry, you get into a Korma.
Macho Law prohibits me from admitting I'm wrong.
Didn't go to Church today, instead, I stayed at home and listened to REM. Guess I'm losing my religion.
Why did God create stock analysts? In order to make weather forecasters look good.
Can't throw the ball, kept on bouncing away: situation is out of hand.
Do fish get thirsty?
Why do programmers always mix up Halloween and Christmas? Because 31 OCT = 25 DEC.
What type of exam does the vampire teacher give his students? A blood test.
What is a math teacher's favorite sum? Summer!
What do bullshitters like most about St. Patricks day? The blarney stone!
I would tell you my autumn joke but you probably wouldn't fall for it
What do bees do with their honey? They cell it.
You're so old that your first car was a covered wagon.
I don't have a Fitbit. But I have a couple of fat bits.
What does a 75-year-old woman have between her breasts that a 25-year-old doesn't? Her navel.
Why do only 10% of men make it to heaven? Because if they all went, it would be Hell.
How do teddy bears keep their den cool in summer? They use bear conditioning!
I'd pat my own back but my ego is too busy shaking my hand.
Your body is a poop gun and eating is reloading.
Put some ash or soot on your fingertip. Casually mention to a friend that he has a spot of dirt on his face as you reach up to remove it. Leave your mark!
What would we get if we'd cross one nigger and octopus? I have no idea, but it picks cotton like crazy.
One wall to another... Meet you at the corner.
What is a snowman's least favorite yoga position? Downward-facing dog pee.
You must work at subway...cause you're givin' me a foot long.
Your so dense, light must bend around you.
Timing has an awful lot to do with the outcome of a rain dance.
Spent 15min tracing a suspicious noise that tuned out to be the lid not screwed on the Coke bottle tightly enough. If you need a top sleuth.
You ever make fun of someone so much, you think you should thank them for all the good times you've had?
The person next to me on this train hasn't stopped talking loudly the whole journey! I'm starting to regret marrying her.
Party host: Anyone here allergic to nuts? Because I like to rest mine on the table.
What do you call Santa's helpers? Subordinate Clauses.
Not to brag, but I still fit into the lack of enthusiasm I had in high school.
Let's walk and talk. You go that way.
Remember, if you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast.
Try to use this vacuum, it may help you remove the cobwebs in your mind.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. We were just informed you are a humanitarian, and my wife is afraid you're going to eat her.
My dad used to tell me "always leave them wanting more", which is probably why he lost his job in disaster relief.
I am one bottle of shower gel away from being able to open my own Christmas gift shop in my shower.
We've heard that ignorance of maths is growing geometrically, whatever that means.
I'm making a film about emos. I really need to stop saying "cut!" at the end of each scene.
What's the difference between love, true love and showing off? Spitting, swallowing, and gargling.
What does Santa suffer from if he gets stuck in a chimney? Claustrophobia!
What has four legs and an arm? A happy pit bull.
What does a gay man and an ambulance have in common? They both get loaded from the rear and go whoo-whoo!
What do elves learn in school? The Elf-abet! 
You and Me = Grand Unification
Keep honking. I'm reloading.
Here, you can always find a party. Where I come from, the Party can always find you.
What did the elephant say to his girlfriend? "I love you a ton!"
Sometimes I feel like a man trapped in a woman's marriage.
Two deer walk out of a gay bar. One of them turns to the other and says, "I can't believe I blew forty bucks in there."
There are drunk bikers. There are old bikers. There are NO old, drunk bikers.
At least cunts are useful you're not.
Whenever I have a one night stand, I always use protection. A fake name and a fake number.
If it's tourist season, does that mean we can shoot them?
What's the most poular Christmas carol in the desert? Oh caaamel ye faithful.
I wish I could get bitten by a radioactive confident person.
Laziness Level: I get jealous when it's bedtime in other countries
What's the difference between purple and pink? The grip. 
I'm at my most amazing when no one is paying attention.
I've been thinking about you...Owl night long.
Every day, man is making bigger and better fool-proof things, and every day, nature is making bigger and better fools. So far, I think nature is winning.
Did you know that there are 71.9 acres of nipple tissue in the U.S.?
What is black and white and red all over? A newspaper!
Why is there cotton in pill bottles? To remind black people that they were cotton pickers before drug dealers.
I've had so much to drink that you're beginning to look good.
If you were a TSA agent, I would be happy to get a body scan.
Being an ugly girl is like being a man... you have to work.
Any salad can be a Caesar salad if you stab it enough.
I love defenseless animals, especially in a good gravy.
To the question ‘What are you doing here?' 72% answered negative.
What is a zebra? 26 sizes larger than an "A" bra.
Man's appearance is not the most important thing. There are worse flows.
Who was the first to see a cow and think "I wonder what will happen if I squeeze these dangly things and drink whatever comes out?"
Wanna go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch.
Being asked to be best man is like being asked to make love to the queen. On the one hand it is a great honour, but you dread the moment when you have to rise to perform.
I don't have a girlfriend, I just know a girl who would get really mad if she heard me say that.
What do you call a dog on the beach in the Summer? A hot dog!
Friend: What are you gonna be for halloween? Me: Drunk!
It's hunting season and fox like you shouldnt be out in the open!
What is the diffrent between a girl and a cellphone... You can put a selfone on silent.
How is a woman like a condom? Both spend more time in your wallet than on your pecker.
You should know, that no one understood it was an April fool's joke because no one expected you have a sense of humor.
I have an 8:30 dinner reservation tonight. That's like midnight in middle-age time.
Had to turn the stereo off, my wife has been playing Depeche Mode all day. She just can't get enough, whilst I just enjoy the silence.
How many cats equal a husband?
Jokes about unemployed people are not funny. They just don't work.
I tried to be polite and hold the door open for a woman, but she kept screaming, "I'm peeing in here!" Fucking b*tch.
I organized a threesome for (NAME)'s last night of freedom. There were a couple of no-shows, but he still had fun.
What's the difference between a black dude and a park bench. A park bench can support a family of four.
If you are what you eat, then my dog is a calculator.
What's the difference between a politician and a flying pig? The letter F.
You smell like trash..... Can I take you out?
What's the difference between people and tin foil? Tin foil doesn't wrinkle as it oldens.
Nowadays, most of the children dream about an IPhone, when I was a child – I wanted a dog.
What did one ghost say to another ghost? "Do you believe in people?"
Tarzan doesn't have a beard. Yet he lives in the jungle for over 30 years.
Haven't seen any UFOs lately. Wondering if the galaxy is downsizing their space programs too.
From all the butts, ours is the most important.
Don't worry honey, they call it my dual-channel RAM.
Why do Americans choose from just two people to run for president and 50 for Miss America?
How do 5 gay men walk? One Direction!
What's the easiest animal to shoot? Fish, because they're always found in schools.
What's the hardest thing about dating a blind woman? Getting her husband's voice just right.
What happened when the two angels got married? They lived harpily ever after! 
Why did the lady wear a helmet every time she ate? She was on a crash diet!
Are you Vietnamese? Cause I'm falling pho you.
What´s the difference between a goodyear and a fucking good year? 365 condoms.
My sister is so fat then when we go out to the local buffet they see her coming and pot out the speed-bumps.
Stephen Hawking has a great sense of humor. He does One-liners, but not a Stand-up comedy.
You can't know a person well until you live with them. You can't know them really well until you divorce them.
Got a neighbor who's a real patriot? Always flying the flag? Sneak out late at night and replace it with a large pair of boxer shorts.
You must be from Prague because I can't help but Czech you out.
Did you hear about Ku Klux Knievel? He tried to jump over 8 blacks with a steam roller.
*Puts down phone* OH MY GOD I HAVE ANOTHER HAND!
A rolling stone... somebody pushed it.
What did the jester say to the criminal at the guillotine? "Stay calm, and do not lose your head."
One good thing about graduation is that you get to wear a funny hat that makes your brain look larger than it actually is.
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips!
My wife made me into millionaire. I was a multi-millionaire before we met.
What do men and beer bottles have in common? They are both empty from the neck up.
My son just asked me if cats can have babies when they aren't married and I told him yes, but I honestly don't know.
Vegetarian: Native American definition for "lousy hunter".
Do you know karate? Cause your body's kickin!
A man can be happy with any woman as long as he doesn't love her.
Graduation speeches were invented largely in the belief that college students should never be released into the world until they have been properly sedated.
Im not saying I'm number one, uh sorry I lied I'm number one two three four and five.
What kind of key opens a casket? A skeleton key.
You shouldn't come back, because later you'll still want to leave.
Tattoos are like babies. You don't dare tell the truth and say they're ugly.
What are the 2 reasons the girl broke up with her boyfriend? Because he was a cheetah and because he was lion too much to her.
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.
I thought about my ex-girlfriend today, then I wiped my ads and flushed the toilet.
English is weird. It can be understood through tough thorough thought, though.
I'm in love with you, and I'm not in the business of denying myself the simple pleasure of saying true things. I'm in love with you, and I know that love is just a shout into the void, and that oblivion is inevitable, and that we're all doomed and that there will come a day when all our labor has been returned to dust, and I know the sun will swallow the only earth we'll ever have, and I am in love with you.
I never could bring a woman into my house. At first, because of the parents. Later, because of the wife.
He's so far in the closet, he can see Narnia.
I just drank a monster energy drink and I'm still depressed but like, excitedly.
"Don't kid yourself" would be a great slogan for a condom company.
My mother used to say the way to a man's heart is through his stomach. Lovely woman. Useless surgeon.
What do you call a snowman in July? A puddle.
What do toys and boobs have in common? Both are made for children but it's the fathers who play with them most.
You're like milk, I want to make you a part of my complete breakfast.
3-year-old: What's a swear word?
Me: A bad word moms and dads only say when they're mad.
3:
Me:
3: Is my middle name a swear word?
What's a monsters favorite desert? I-Scream!
How many lights does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None, the light is already in the bulb.
It seems like less people are solving their differences with dance offs.
Winter's coming so I'm knitting you a muffler. What size is your mouth?
I only drink on days beginning with "T".  Tuesday, Thursday, today and tomorrow.
I'm going to open a half way house for girls who don't want to go all the way!
If he hurts you, cry a river and then drown him in it.
They lie about marijuana: "Marijuana makes you unmotivated." Lie. When you're high, you can do anything you normally do just as well. You just realize it's not worth the fucking effort. There's a difference.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable ...like a coma.
You can't be a real country unless you have a BEER and an airline - it helps if you have some kind of a football team, or some nuclear weapons, but at the very least you need a BEER.
There are no limits to my perfection – a monkey was thinking while looking at a human.
If you say "I knew you were going to say that" enough. You can start billing people for psychic readings.
Frank: "Emilia how many boyfriends do you have?"
Emilia: "You are the only one."
Frank: "I love you."
Emilia: "I love you too."
Frank: "Two? Why then do you say am the only one."
Virginity is curable.
Romeo and Juliet is not a love story. It's a 3-day relationship between a 13-year-old and a 17-year-old that cause 6 deaths.
Alcoholics and addicts are the only people who can look down on you from the gutter.
The only thing I have to offer men is that I don't ask questions during a movie.
I think football would become an even better game if someone could invent a ball that kicks back.
What happens when you drop a whale on thin ice? Her: What? You: It breaks the ice. Hi, i'm (your name)
The girl at the bar: "You're funny."
I bring her over to meet my wife: "Tell her what you said."
What's a monster's favorite bean? A human bean. 
How do you scare a snowman? You get a hairdryer!
Sugar - Honey - Iced - Tea ... Guess what it means.
You're like a fat stump, I'm always falling over you.
I hate when I'm singing along to the Beastie Boys and they mess up the lyrics.
My favorite sexual position: The Chilean miner. That's where you go down on me and stay there till Christmas.
9 out of 10 Americans are stupid… I'm so glad I'm in the 1%.
Ever since I took geometry at school, my life has turned around 360 degrees.
This must be the 8th castle because I just found my princess.
Took the batteries out of the carbon monoxide alarm because the loud beeping was giving me a headache and making me feel sick and dizzy.
How do you turn a fox into an elephant? Marry it!
My local priest thinks he's ugly, so ugly in fact he's decided to wear a mask when he offers holy communion. Certainly is a blessing in disguise.
Why do men masturbate? it is sex with someone they love
Fat people are lucky - they get to eat whatever they want and not worry about getting fat.
You're about as useful as a bucket without a bottom.
I believe in women's rights, which is why I gave my girlfriend the right to come to see me do comedy tonight. As you guys can see, she's imaginary. I also gave her the right to exist.
He is known as a miracle comic. If he's funny, it's a miracle!
Girl: Why are you so ugly? Boy: I'm you from the future.
Facebook is telling me to "reconnect" with my brother...hmmm, I see him everyday
My dog is completely exhausted from destroying everything in my house
I get most of my daily exercise from shrugging.
Computer does what you command him to do but not what you want from him.
PewdDePie, I used to be a fan but now I am a air conditioner.
What's the best dance to do on Thanksgiving? The turkey trot.
How do hens always know what size your egg cup is? They don't but all eggs always fit.
Doctor: "Well, it looks like you're pregnant."
Woman: "Oh my God, I'm pregnant?!"
Doctor: "No, it just looks like you are."
Isn't it annoying when engineering students call themselves engineers? You don't hear medical students calling themselves doctors or art students calling themselves baristas.
Never go to your high school reunion pregnant or they will think that is all you have done since you graduated.
Might I integrate your curves tonight?
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.
Honk all you want, but if I don't eat these donuts at this green light I'll have to share them at home.
The get rich or die trying philosophy on life is going terribly one sided for me.
Life's a jungle let's go to your place and fuck like animals!
I remember as a child, lying in bed waiting for Santa to come... Then there was always that awkward silence as he got dressed and left.
Q: How many snowboarders does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 
A: 50: 3 to die trying, 1 to actually pull it off, and 46 other to say, "man, I could do that!"
Dear ladies, if you want to have more free time and have fun on the weekends, teach your men fishing!
The Thanksgiving holiday brings Americans of all races and religions together to fight over discounted electronics.
When I read about the dangers of smoking I sworn wouldn't buy any newspaper!
The plumber told me a hole boring story about pipes.
Better at sex than anyone; now all he needs is a partner.
Why, yes, I am dressed for the weather.I am wearing a house.
My wife has to be the worst cook. Her specialty is indigestion.
What do u call a white man between 2 black men... An Oreo.
What do you call a caring prostitute? Someone who gives a fuck.
Anyone have any sex laying around they're not using I could borrow?
What kind of tea do you drink with the Queen? Royal tea.
What do Brexit and Viagra have in common? They're both a cock-up.
When there are no volunteers, they get appointed.
Are you a Disney princess? Cuz your Cinder-hella-fine.
Why are black guys eyes red after sex? From the pepper spray.
Kids, you tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is, never try.
I don't care who you are, but if you're reading this I still don't care.
Baseball is my favorite sport, because you can play it on a professional level with food in your mouth.
Always wear high heels, it makes it easier to look down on him.
Why do people wear shamrocks on St. Patrick's Day? Regular rocks are too heavy.
I know that there are people who don't love their fellow man – I hate those people.
You are so tall in my eyes that they can't rise higher than your waist.
Yo mamma is so fat, the only good grade she got in school was an "A" in lunch.
I was gonna write a black joke but you wouldn't see it.
Why do they use sterilized needles for death by lethal injection?
If you're waiting for me to care, I hope you brought something to eat, 'cause it's gonna be a really long time.
What time is lunch? Is there any left after you eat?
Everyone can be dick but you are an art form of a dick.
I hate lying people, they're always in my way to the ocean.
Math puns are the first sine of madness!
What do you call a black man in a tree? A branch manager.
It's not a flaw to have a husband, but an essential drawback to have a wife.
Why did the farmer run a steamroller over his potato field on Thanksgiving Day? He wanted to raise mashed potatoes.
What's the difference between God and a Doctor? God knows he's not a Doctor!
If you feel unsure about a new haircut, ask a man if it looks okay. But ask him many, many, many times. Never be satisfied with his answer.
The Buddhist Mafia is called Karma.
I just created a new assembler for the ladies only. It is named "Org-asm".
Sports do not build character. They reveal it.
If I was an operating system, your process would have top priority.
How do you make NY Jets cookies? Put them in a bowl and beat them for three hours.
How can you tell that you're getting old? You go to an antique auction and three people bid on you!
What's a man's definition of a romantic evening? Sex.
Why can't ghost have babies? Because they have Halloweenies.
If a man goes cheats for four times, according to the rules of geometry, he will come home.
British scientists have demonstrated that cigarettes can harm your children. Fair enough, use an ashtray.
When do monkeys fall from the sky? During Ape-ril showers!
Why do rich kids have shiny white teeth? Cause they brush with coke.
Why is it that in the US: If you take off all your clothes and walk down the street waving a machete and firing an Uzi, terrified citizens will phone the police and report: "There's a naked person outside!"
I don't ignore people, I just choose to not notice them.
What's the diffrence between a black guy and a pizza? A pizza can feed a family of four.
Person of the year award has been won by a scarecrow the judges said he was outstanding in his field.
You haven't texted me since you went to bed. Are we ok?
I sent an angel to watch over you last night but he came back saying he can't watch porn...
I'm pretty sure I'm going to die without knowing what 95% of a scientific calculator is used for.
I'll show you where easter eggs come from -- you may be surprised!
Can I borrow your cellphone? I need to call animal control cause I just saw a fox!
What have eight arms and an IQ of 60? Four guys drinking Bud Light and watching a football game!
If we were stranded in a desert and a snake bit my penis, would you suck the poison out?
I have given up on my stand up comedy routines. Everybody just keeps laughing at me.
What's red and white, red and white, red and white? Sant rolling off your roof.
Before starting to stand up comedy I used to think I'll die of hunger. Now, I'm quite sure about it.
Gay? I'm straighter than the pole your mom dances on.
Woke up on the ground last night, must have fell asleep​.
That whole "letting go" of your ex is always more satisfying when they're dangling over an abyss.
You know you're fat when you step on the scale and it says "one at a time please".
What is the difference between a black and a bucket of shit? The bucket.
Why are women like parking spaces? Because all the best ones are taken and the rest are handicapped.
What did the little Mexican boy get for christmas? My bike.
Why does the alcoholic Avon lady walk funny? Because her lips stick.
What did the Zero say to the Eight? Nice belt!
I once hit a bat with a bat.
What do you call a dead Magician? A ABRACADAVA.
There's not just a straight temperature app on my smartphone. At least not a fahinhieght one there is always a cell-sius built in .
When your partner wants to have intercourse pull up a chair and start talking.
Do I play fantasy football? Dude, I'm 46 and married. Most of my life is fantasy.
Secret to success is to know who to blame for your failures.
The last chapter of every book should just be all the characters acting completely terrified because their world is about to end.
What's better than roses on your piano? Tulips on your organ.
Is the last thing that Tickle Me Elmo gets before leaving the factory two test tickles?
I used to be a lifeguard, but this blue kid got me fired.
I park in the farthest spot possible at the gym for the added benefit of eating my croissan'wich without being judged by people walking by.
What do u find in an empty nose? Finger prints.
Opinions are like arse holes. Everyone has one, but not everyone wants to hear it...
Who's your friend?
All men are idiots...and I married their king.
Condoms are for fucking pussies.
What does a woman and Kentucky Fried Chicken have in common? By the time you're finished with the breast and thighs, all you have left is the greasy box to put your bone in. 
I don't trust anything that bleeds for five days and doesn't die.
What does a man who loves his car do on February 14? He gives it a valenshine!
Life is like a shit sandwich. The more bread you have the less shit you have to eat.
My life has been all downhill ever since that one day when I emerged from my mother's womb.
To all the Dads out there, Happy Father's Day... you mother fuckers.
What did the black women get for getting an abortion? Fat cash from crime stoppers.
Why do frogs like St. Patrick's Day? Because they're always wearing green.
Any woman deserves sex, but not every woman a second time.
What's the difference between a hooker and a woman with a cold? A woman with a cold blows her nose...
What pants do ghosts wear? BOO jeans.
My girlfriend just dumped me for talking too much about video games. What a ridiculous thing to fallout 4.
Optimist: It's only 7 o' clock. Pessimist: It's already 7 o' clock. Feminist: The clock is being raped.
When I was born, the doctor came out to the waiting room and said to my father, "I'm very sorry. We did everything we could. But he pulled through."
I would tell a swimming joke, but I think it's too watered-down to be funny.
How are airplanes and women alike? They both have cockpits.
A good rule of thumb is to never hire a magician with a wife with no legs.
If you're slutty enough, every day can be Halloween.
Exaggerations went up by a million percent last year.
Why did the librarian get kicked off the plane? Because it was overbooked.
"Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart ". Does that mean Iron Man is the most beautiful person on earth?
The best thing about women is how they can tell you what you really mean when you say something...
No man has ever won a game of "Notice anything different about me?"
I haven't been ignoring you; I've been prioritizing you.
When a newly married woman smiles, all know why, but when a ten-years married woman smiles, all wonder why.
Change your Facebook Status to "I'm Pregnant" or "I'm Engaged" and watch the April Fools LIKE & Comment away.
My wife had her period at a Manchester United game, and all I got was this bloody t-shirt.
What's the difference between Stephen Hawking and the computer he's hooked up to? The computer runs.
For all the advances in medicine, there is still no cure for the common birthday.
Why wasn't the vampire working? He was on his coffin break.
The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that sex for money usually costs a lot less.
Dogs. Because when everyone looks at you like you're crazy, they look at you like you're amazing.
What do most men consider a gourmet restaurant? Any place without a drive-up window.
What cheese would you use to entice a bear out of the woods? Camembert.
What cheese is made backwards? Edam.
Best cheese to use to disguise a horse? Marscaponie.
What's the speed limit of sex? 68; at 69 you have to turn around.
Why did the snowman's daughter become a stripper? Because he was so cold to her.
My patience has stretch marks.
Looking at you is getting my dick harder than Chuck Norris
I have good looking kids. Thank goodness my wife cheats on me.
USA's been so good at the Olympics, it's trumped the rest!
Why wasnt there any blacks in the flintstones? Because they were still monkeys.
What do Eskimos get from sitting on the ice too long? Polaroids.
Next time you wave, use all your fingers.
I own the erasers for all the miniature golf pencils.
After the helicopter crash, the blond pilot was asked what happened. She replied, "It was getting chilly in there, so I turned the fan off."
We need to show compassion for the mentally ill without letting them run for President.
I went to a party and met apple there. I asked him to buy me a vodka, but Damn! He gave me a fruit punch.
My wife and I had a two-hour fight about whether or not we were fighting.
Two blondes were driving to Disneyland. The sign said, "Disneyland Left". So they started crying and went home.
Why can't single women fart? They don't get an asshole till they get married.
Lately I've been trying to touch my toes, which I don't find so complicated, but my knees just can't get it straight.
I do not know why some people don't finish their sentences, like it's really annoying...
The Titanic was built to last, let that sink in.
Did you hear about the man who was accidentally buried alive? It was a grave mistake.
You so fat that when you stepped onto a scale it said. Bitch I never asked for your phone number.
If I were a dog would you help me bury my bone?
A living dummy once proclaimed, "I'm the scariest thing in the universe, if I say so myself!".
My wife let me remove all her clothes last night. From the dryer.
What did the blonde say when she found out she was pregnant? "Are you sure it's mine?"
How do you make a blonde laugh on Saturday? Tell her a joke on Wednesday! 
I went on a date with a blonde woman last night. "Do you have any kids?" she asked. "Yes," I replied. "I have one child that's just under two." She said, "I might be blonde, but I know how many one is."
The man who discovered copper died penniless.
A hard thing about a business is minding your own.
Will you marry me? Is a marriage proposal. Will, you, Mary, me? Is a foursome proposal.
Sex to a man is like hunger. If he can't get into an expensive French restaurant, he will go to McDonalds.
I hate that feeling after surgery when you're not sure if you're awake or asleep or if you operated on the right patient.
Why is sex like a bridge game? You don't need a partner if you have a good hand.
Smoking causes cancer and sex cause HIV. Beautiful things are dangerous!
What do you call a black baby pig? A niglett.
By age 35 you should hate the last three albums by your favorite band.
I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid.
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back. 
What do you call a dumb brunette? A dirty blonde.
Knock, knock. "Who's there?" "Annie." "Annie who?" "Annie body home?"
Trust but verify.
If good things come in small packages, then more good things can come in large packages.
Love is like an ice cream girl so eat it before it melts.
What costume are you wearing for Halloween? Oh yeah, I forgot u don't need one ur ugly as hell.
I don't want your candy, what I really want is your number.
When I was a kid my mother stopped breast feeding me. I asked her why and she says "hey, I just wanna be friends."
He said "I'm going to chop off the bottom of one of your trouser legs and put it in a library."
I thought "That's a turn-up for the books."
If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you've never tried before.
The problem with sex in the movies is, that the popcorn usually spills.
I'm Only Here For The Free Food
The Italian boxing team boycotted the Olympics when they heard it was going to be one on one.
Murdered for immortality. Received life sentence.
Which tea is the most popular in psychiatries? Insanitea.
I was almost the hero once when I went out looking for a lost hiker in the woods, but when I heard him yelling 'I'm here. I'm over here.', in the distance, I realized he knew exactly where he was and wasn't lost, at all, so I called off the search.
All I'm saying is there's a reason all the best love songs have the word crazy in them...
What goes up and never comes down? Your age!
After the weekend the most difficult task is to remember names… 
What do you call it when a blonde dies their hair brunette? Artificial intelligence.
I downloaded the Pinterest app and now my phone is stuck in a mason jar.
Without going to jail, you cannot be a big politician.
A dick has a sad life. His hair's a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbor's an asshole, his best friend's a pussy, and his owner beats him.
Why should you not make fun of a crippled person? Because he can't stand the jokes.
Snowmen don't need scarves, idiots.
A Roman fighter consumed his wife. He said he was glad 'e ate 'er...
Why should blondes not be given coffee breaks? It takes too long to retrain them. 
Hey gurl, how about you make the Patriots and deflate these balls.
Grandma told me, "They should send you for death!", but I didn't make much of it since I was busy trying to remember what I came for.
Pardon me for drooling, but without my jaw, I can't help myself.
I love dangerous sex, in fact, I masturbate with no hand.
‘Do you know if pigs have periods?' ‘Are you kidding me? What idiot would keep a pig until she's 14?'
How does a black chick tell if she's pregnant? When she pulls the tampon out, all the cotton is already picked.
Why did the blonde stare at a frozen orange juice can for 2 hours? Because it said "concentrate"! 
How do you make a blonde's eyes light up? Shine a flashlight in their ear. 
How do you get a black man out of a tree? Cut the rope.
Why do blondes have TGIF on their shoes? Toes go in first!
Smart people don't call themselves smart - me included.
Do you wanna see a magic trick? Watch me pull something out of my pants!
What do you call a bunch of white people falling out of a plane? Avalanche.
Marriage and smoking are similar. You start because you want to and you continue because you have to.
Why did the blonde scale the glass wall? To see what was on the other side.
A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
Do you know what a Timberwolf is? No. Thats a guy that chases a girl up a tree and kisses her inbetween the limbs.
Why do people ask me if I'm "hiding", if I was hiding you wouldn't see me!
Two blondes fall down a well. One says to the other one, "Isn't it dark down here?" She replies, "I don't know. I can't see."
I wasn't going to co-exist until I saw your bumper sticker.
How do you get a blonde to marry you? Tell her she's pregnant.
Why did the blond get fired from the banana plantation? Because she threw out all the bent ones.
Born free, taxed to death.
How do you drown a blonde? Put a scratch and sniff at the bottom of the bathtub.
If I was addicted to masturbation, and then became addicted to sex, would it be safe to say that my addiction got out of hand?
I'm not a Nazi I'm just asking if Jew mad, cause I'm führerious!
There are smart men, handsome men, rich men, sexy men and sweet men and then there is the combination of all. We call that one a "unicorn"
A blonde said, "I was worried that my mechanic might try to rip me off, I was relieved when he told me all I needed was turn-signal fluid." 
What did the blonde say when she saw Cheerios? Donut seeds.
Hey baby, there's an OverflowException in my pants, care to handle it for me?
Don't let an extra chromosome get you down.
At school I graduated second to a lamp, he was too bright for me.
Do you want to see something stupid? Look in the mirror!
Why does Dwyane Wade wear number 3? Because that's a number of minutes he can stay on the court without getting hurt.
I'm not dumb, I just have a lot of blonde moments.
Did you hear they banned fans from doing "The Wave" at all sports events? Too many blondes were drowning.
Does your train of thought have a caboose?
I'm blonde. What's your excuse?
How does a blonde high-five? She smacks herself in the forehead. 
A blonde heard that accidents happen close to home so she moved!
Save money by sleeping a lot.
Is that shirt (those pants) mad of camel skin? (No, why?) Cause I noticed the humps!
If you love a woman, you shouldn't be ashamed to show her to your wife.
How does a blonde drown a fish? She puts it in water!
When you die your voice gets added to the Big Bang Theory laugh track.
Son: "What's an inheritance?"
Me: "Nothing you need to be concerned with."
Santa's lap isn't the only place wishes come true.
Girl, you got more legs than a bucket of chicken!
Baby you're so cute you made my page 404.
Why don't witches wear panties? They get a better grip on their brooms!
I'll get you wetter than a Scottish summer.
Loltard: Someone who uses 'lol' too much.
What happened when an icicle landed on the snowman's head? It knocked him out cold.
What's the difference between women and wine? Wine gets better with age.
The sight of a woman's cleavage reduces a man's ability to think clearly by 50%... per boob!
What's six inches long that women love? Folding money.
All of these people here talking about how they love with their whole heart... I'm just happy I didn't bite anyone today.
What's most interesting song? My girlfriend 's fart.
"Orion's Belt is a big waist of space." Terrible joke. Only three stars.
What did the big black guy say, when the hot midget chick asked him for sex? "I Don't Get Down Like That"
How do you know if you're an ugly girl? If you know what the drinks cost at a bar.
You're so poor that when you light up a Lucifer, the cockroaches celebrate that they finally have central heating.
I estimate I have enough energy to attend two more social events in my lifetime.
I don't work here. I'm a consultant.
If anything is used to its full potential, it will break.
Drinking too much coffee can cause a latte problems.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his ass.
Jesus fed 5,000 people with two fishes and a loaf of bread. That's not a miracle. That's tapas.
I could never figure out why I was never any good at math!
Just stayed a night in the YMCA... I don't want to make a song and dance of it.
Clinton lied. A man might forget where he parks or where he lives, but he never forgets oral sex, no matter how bad it is.
New Years Eve forecast: Mostly drunk with a slight chance of passing out.
Your as worthless as, Tits on a boar hog.
I'm in the mood to multiply
What food describes most men? Jerky.
A cheap shot is a terrible thing to waste.
A penis is like a Rubik's Cube - the more you play with it, the harder it gets.
If you rearrange the letters in "Vladimir Putin" you get murdered.
What did the caveman give his wife on Valentine's Day? Ughs and kisses!
Don't make me use UPPERCASE.
What do Lifesavers do that a man can't? Come in eight flavors.
If you're going to ride my ass at least pull my hair and make me scream!
What does a hockey player and a magician have in common? Both do hat tricks!
Why do black women where high heels? So their knuckles don't drag.
How old would you be if you didn't know how old you was?
I swear to drunk I'm not God, but seriously, stay in drugs, eat school, and don't do vegetables.
How can you tell when the Mexicans have moved into your neighborhood? The Blacks get car insurance.
Someone just honked their horn to get me out of my parking space quicker so now we will both be here until we're dead.
Nothing brings neighbors together, like a broken elevator.
Interviewer: "Why do you want this job?"
Me: "I've just always been very passionate about not starving to death."
Do people who go to the gym to "feel the burn" know nothing of Mexican food?
I thought you'd be flattered that my dog found your leg so attractive.
Paid love costs less.
What do you call always having a date for New Year's Eve? Social Security.
You have enough fat to make another human.
She's looking for a man to take her breath away. Hopefully gagging counts
You had me at cello.
What do you call a blonde with pig tails? A blowjob with handlebars.
Stretchy shrink-wrap can be loads of fun. You can get it at most office supply stores. Completely wrap a friend's car, bike, or motorcycle. Extra credit: leave a large pink bow on top.
How do Rednecks celebrate Halloween? Pump kin!
You have more chins than Chinatown.
What are two reasons why men don't mind their own business? 1. No mind. 2. No business.
Where does Dracula keep his valuables? In a blood bank.
What did the turkeys sing on Thanksgiving Day? God save the kin.
I was chasing a black robber at 2 am and he suddenly vanished in-front of me, how can that be? Because he dissolved in the night.
What did the Asian parent say during the DNA test? That's Yu!
Girl: My GrandFather Lived For 96 Years & He Never Used Glasses. Boy: Yeah I Know, Few People Drink Directly From Bottle.
How are women and linoleum floors alike? You lay them right the first time and you can walk all over them for the next 20 years.
Despite my last 12,000 tweets, I'm actually really fun.
That's not a candy cane in my pocket. I'm just glad to see you!
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib!
What do you call Dinner and Breakfast? Dickfeast!
My girlfriend told me to go out and get something that makes her look sexy... so I got drunk.
I wonder how many miles I've scrolled with my thumb.
Sometimes I think I am a bad mother because I don't like wine.
I would tell a history joke, but they're too old fashioned.
How do you know if a police officer is gay? The smell of his mustache.
Wanna expand my polynomial?
I drink to forget that I accidentally once said "I love you" when ending a call with a customer service rep.
Life is like oral sex, one slip of the tongue and you're in the shit.
What's the most common sleeping position of a man? Around. 
How do you tell if a chick's too fat to f*ck? When you pull her pants down and her ass is still in them.
What did the blonde say when someone blew in her ear? Thanks for the refill. 
Excuse me, but do you like whales? (yeah, why) Cause I was thinking that we could "humpback" at my place.
What do you call a snowman orgy? A snowball fight.
You are my methods. I am nothing without you.
My kid just called Child Protective Services because he still has an iPhone 5S.
Sweating like a lost goat wandering past a hungry Bedouin.
Why was the blonde so proud of herself? She finished a puzzle in 5 hours, the box said 3-5 years.
What's the definition of black foreplay? Don't scream or I'll kill you.
What do you call a blonde between two brunettes? A mental block.
Why do women have vaginas? So men will talk to them.
What do you call a 5-gallon drum stuffed full of white people? A cracker barrel.
Squirrels – nature's speed bumps.
What is Gods favorite car? A Prius.
In my bed, it's perpetual motion all night long, baby.
I'm a people person, but from a distance.
Wanna play guns? Bend over and I'll cock you.
What did the giraffe say to the zebra when his mom called him home? Zebra later!
Where do you find a no-legged dog? Right where you left him.
Why does Santa Claus have such a big sack? He only comes once a year.
What do you call a bird at a party? A party fowl.
How many Jews does it take to screw in a light bulb? None, unless you pay them.
What is a blonde's favorite color? Glitter.
Statistically, 9 out of 10 people enjoy gang-rape.
Life's like a bird, it's pretty cute until it shits on your head.
NASA is sending traditionalist Christians to the red planet... Amish on to Mars.
My girlfriend told me she wanted to be treated like a princess. So I put her in the back of a Mercedes and drove into a wall.
Americans pay for gym memberships and for people to mow their lawns.
If pink and glitter were vitamins blondes would be the healthiest people alive.
 What is it called when a blonde blows in another blond's ear? Data transfer. 
We all have one ginger friend that claims to be "strawberry blonde".
What would you get if you crossed Christmas with St. Patrick's Day? St. O'Claus!
Champions Levi's and Fila belong to cheap people that's why only Mexicans wear them.
When the bank gives my kid a lollipop I take it and eat it because I want him to understand how banks really work.
A wise dog once told me: "Life is like a box of chocolates... it kills you."
Finally I got laid on top of a how woman, I was on the upper berth and she on the lower one.
Why can't blind people eat fish? Because it's sea food.
What do you call 100 niggers on the bottom of the sea? A good start.
Back in my day, we didn't watch TV while we ate dinner. We actually talked to each other. It was awful.
In our youth we were so pretention in our vision of lustful attractiveness, but with advancing age we can now appreciate one's beauty within, thank goodness, because now we are rightfully mirror shy.
Why did the lady snowman divorce her husband? She found out he was going to a snow blower.
What does Santa say when he is sick? OH OH NO!
Why do birds fly south in the Fall? Because it's too far to walk.
They call me the cat whisperer, cause I know exactly what the pussy needs.
My wife is not buying that autocorrect changed "You're psychic" to "You're psycho."
Me in my 20's: "Dresses like I'm on the catwalk."
Me in my 30's: "dresses like I walk cats."
5 out of 6 scientists say Russian Roulette is safe.
Black magic.... It doesn't work.
Hear the slogan for the Stealth Condom? "They'll never see you coming."
Can I trade this job for what's behind door number 1?
Why don't women have men's brains?
Because they don't have penises to put them in.
Wife to husband: "I'm pregnant!" 
Husband: "You're kidding me!"
They said too much of everything is bad... But too much of goodness ain't bad?
Dance Dance Revolution is an intense game but an even more intense to-do list
Women celebrate after sex. Men go to the chiropractor after sex.
What's the difference between a sidewalk, a drug dealer, and a prostitute? Sidewalks crack doesn't leave an odor!
How does broccoli use a cellphone? He cauliflower.
How about a month filled with stress and obligation? - Pitch for December
Dance like your microwave isn't watching.
I carried weed in coffin used to do sins so I can roam in hell to taste some more bad bitches.
Why was the snowman so brave? Because he had big snow balls.
Smoking is a slow death! But we're not in a hurry…
She is putting pasta up her ass call that pennetration. I prefer pasta on her chest. Spaghettits.
Next time you order coffee at Starbucks tell them your name is Bueller and then leave the store.
I can't decide which room not to clean first.
Celebrate Thanksgiving the American way: spend money you don't have on Chinese products.
People come and go but birthdays do accrue.
Is your name Jingle Bells, cause you look like you go all the way
Every time you open your mouth, some idiot starts talking.
I heard the next Steve Jobs movie will be on IMAX. It's the same movie, just on a bigger screen.
Identity theft is the most diabolical way someone can compliment you on doing a good job at life.
The difference between divorce and legal separation is that a legal separation gives a husband time to hide his money.
Nobody works harder than a drunk person trying to carefully whisper a secret.
What did one boob say to the other boob? You are my breast friend!
I'll bet your parents hit the JERKpot!
What is the world's biggest oxymoron. Black People.
What is the cheapest meat you can buy? Deer balls. There under a buck.
If I was a squirrel I'd chuck my nuts in your hole!
Hey baby, I heard that rabbits, can make 150 babies a year, how many do you think we can make in an hour?
A woman about sex has to know ‘why?' and a man ‘where?'
Why the chicken cross the road? To look for his cock.
What's the definition of a male chauvinist pig? A man who hates every bone in a woman's body, except his own.
I'm pretty sure Twitter is the smoking section of Facebook.
Was invited to a birthday party last evening but didn't have a Blast. Hardly any Bombs!
My room + internet connection + music + food – homework = perfect day.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
Don't feel sad, don't feel blue, Frankenstein was ugly too.
I hate when people use words without knowing the meaning... gives me a huge hysterectomy on the side of my head.
What are you going to be on Halloween? You'll probably be a vegan menu.
16 Blondes are standing outside the bar. Why didn't they go in? The sign said 18+.
I was at an ATM and this old lady asked me to help check her balance, so I pushed her over.
Why did the woman cross the road? Never mind that, what the fuck is she doing out of the kitchen?
Ever have sex while camping? Take my word when I say it's fucking intents.
Hear about the new gay sitcom? "Leave it, it's Beaver." 
Swine Flu is the only thing left in Mexico that still does its job.
My parents read the book I was writing. They said they hope the main character dies. It was an autobiography.
I hugged someone once and they expected it every time they saw me. I'll never do that again.
Your mom just got a ticket when she dropped you off for school.
Ever notice that people who spend money on beer, cigarettes, and lottery tickets are always complaining about being broke and not feeling well?
Just turned wine into barf. Your move, Jesus.
What does a black person get for Christmas? Your bike.
Do you have 11 protons? Cause your sodium fine.
Me: Let's stay in bed. Me also: Good idea.
My love for you is like a fart. Everything about it is powered by my heart.
Nobody puts Baby in a corner.
Many a man owes his success to his first wife and his second wife to his success.
Some cause happiness wherever they go. Others whenever they go.
It is always the wrong time of month.
Your lips are the whitest I've come across.
How does a farmer count cows? with a cow-calculator.
Yo momma is so stupid when I told her Christmas is right around the corner she went looking for it.
Everyone can find one person or three cats waiting for him.
To make a millennial laugh, just tell them how people used to believe a business or government would actually keep information confidential.
Please don't eat me! I have a wife and kids... ... ...Eat them!
Did you hear Vaseline is coming out with new labels for its petroleum jelly? They're going to have a picture of missing gerbils on it.
I am rarely more focused on 5 seconds than when I'm waiting to skip an ad on the internet.
In America, you find a party, in Russia, party always finds you.
I think I've discovered my supersymmetric partner.
Q: What's the difference between England and a teabag? 
A: A teabag could stay in the cup for longer.
I called in sick this morning on account of diarrhea. My boss told me to get my shit together.
Why is Justing Bieber like a shotgun? Give him a cock and he will blow!
I'm no racist I have four black tires and color tv.
Did something bad happen to you or are you just naturally ugly.
Did it hurt when you felt from heaven?
Yeah, I died 5 years ago, like that puck up line.
Is that a bat in your pocket, or does my costume excite you?
How do you drown a submarine full of blondes? Knock on the door.
Hear about the new drug for lesbians? Trycocksagain.
Why did the summer school teacher wear sunglasses? Because her class was so bright!
Why did the blonde snort artificial sweetener? She thought it was diet coke.
You're the reason why women earn 75 cents to the dollar.
Why do dogs make good sailors? They know their knots.
Boy: Have u ever been fishing before Girl: Why? Boy: I think we should hook up!
God, grant me the serenity to accept the terms and conditions I do not read.
If I survived a plane crash in the wilderness, my biggest concern would be how much my airport parking bill would be.
I don't believe in myths like the one that states you have a brain.
Why can't gays drive faster than 68mph? Because at 69 they blow a rod.
My girlfriend broke up with me because I stole her wheelchair.  I knew she'd come crawling back to me.
When you want to marry a beautiful, a smart and a rich woman – marry three times.
What can strike a blonde without her even knowing it? A thought.
I can count the number of times I've been to Chernobyl on one hand. It's seven.
Men? On the whole, I'd rather buy new batteries.
What day does an Easter egg hate the most? Fry-days.
You want an insult? Right, look at the mirror.
What is the difference between Scientology and Christianity? People don't believe in scientology.
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? Pregnant.
How can you make a gay man scream twice? Fudge him real hard. Then wipe your dick off on his curtains.
What travels around the world but stays in one corner? A stamp. 
Let's get married and have kids so instead of enjoying coffee in the morning you can braid hair while I pack lunches and we can all be late.
Loneliness is when you get an e-mail but it's from the newsgroup server.
I liked beer so much that my family didn't know I drank until they saw me sober!
How many Jews can you fit in a Voltswagen? 2 in the front, 3 in the back, 8 million in the ash tray.
Today on Twitter, I lost a follower. Now I know how Jesus feels everyday.
Did you hear about the homosexual letter? Only came in male boxes.
People with diarrhea don't have their shit together.
Man: "When I bend my arm like this it hurts?"
Doctor: "Well, stop doing it!"
Most turkeys taste better the day after. My mother's tasted better the day before.
Which is the word that starts with M and ends in ARRIAGE and it is man's favorite thing? Miscarriage!
Why can't men get mad cow disease? Because they're all pigs.
My grandma told me her joints are getting weaker, so I told her to roll them tighter.
What travels at 200km's a hour? A black man hearing a dollar drop to the ground.
Dates a zombie: so someone finally likes me for my brain.
My boss touched me inappropriately at work today. It's okay though, I'm self-employed.
How about I slip down your chimney, at half past midnight?
Careful! Angry dog in the backyard! Please do not crush him.
If you go to sleep with a itching ass you will wake up with a stinking finger...
The fantasy part of fantasy football is that 10 wives would all let their husbands out on the same night for the draft.
I have more talent in my smallest fart than you have in your entire body.
You're so pretty, you could be in a beer commercial.
What are the three words women hate to hear during sex? "Honey, I'm home!"
He died doing what he loved, checking his mentions while driving.
What's the most popular pick up line in a gay bar? Can I push your stool in?
Halloween is easily the scariest night of the year, what with the dead rising from their graves... and fat girls thinking they look sexy dressed as cats.
Are you Greek (If No) are you sure cause you look like a goddess to me?
A Nurse finds a rectal thermometer in her pocket and says "aww some asshole got my pen".
What do you call a fly buzzing inside a blonde's head? A Space Invader. 
How is a woman like a road? They both have manholes.
How are gay people like mice? They both hate pussies.
You can't spell Advertisements without putting semen between tits.
The wife of my friend is not a woman to me. But if she's pretty he's not my friend.
Life is a lot like a penis - soft, relaxed and hanging free... then a woman makes it hard.
Baby, you've bought yourself a cruise on the Love Boat. I'll be your captain.
2 reasons I don't give money to homeless people:
1. They would spend it on alcohol.
2. I want to spend it on alcohol.
Why do Eskimos build Igloos with a hole out front? So you can see Inuit.
Remember all those memories from being a kid, like the time you got in the van and realized the man didn't have any candy?
What's the difference between an Aussie and a Yoghurt? A Yoghurt's got culture!
How do you get Pikachu onto the bus? You Pokemon.
Seminar "How to avoid frauds" is canceled. Tickets are non-refundable.
What do Michelangelo and Kurt Cobain have in common? They both used their brains to paint the ceiling.
I bet even your farts smell good.
And on the sixth day, God created man first so that he could enjoy a few minutes on Earth without saying the wrong thing to a woman.
My mate broke his left arm and left leg, but he was alright.
Screw the nice list, I've got you on my "nice and naughty list!
If you understand English, press 1. If you do not understand English, press 2. Recording on an Australian tax help line.
Why couldn't the dinosaur clap his hands? Because they're dead.
Men mostly hate two words: 'not' and 'enough'… unless you say them together.
I like to have a Frappuccino each morning with my Breakfast... I'm a Cereal Frapist.
I hate when people ask for likes... Like if you agree!
Why do white people always go to black people's garage sales? To get their stuff back!
Why don´t women have men´s brains? Because they don't have penises to put them in
Most of the people dream of not working and having lots of money. During an economic crisis 50 % of those dreams came true.
How do you confuse a blonde? You don't. They're born that way! 
What did the Mexican man say when his house fell on him? Get off me homes.
What do apples and black people have in common? They both look good hanging from a tree.
Those days I only knew six words if you count muther fucker as two.
What did the black girl say while having sex? Dad get off me your crushing my ciggies.
"Because it would be hilarious," is probably not a good reason to elect someone to be president.
A beautiful woman delights a man's eye, an ugly – woman's eye.
Even if you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid!
You might be a crack head... If your dog weighs more than you do... Here's your sign.
When I was young I did stupid things because I didn't know any better. Now I know better and do stupid things because I miss being young.
Why was the blonde so disappointed when she got her license? She had gotten an F in sex!
A black guy at work asked me where the colored printer was. I replied, "It's 2018, you can use any printer you want."
A 'Jim's Dozen' is 11, because I take one for myself.
Wanna meet Santa's little helper?
When Michael Jackson died, all of his songs were played during his funeral and for his commemoration. So what if Mia Khalifa died?
Nope. Not gonna follow anyone whose name is upside down. I got enough problems.
When I said "I was afraid of the dentist", I meant the bill.
Great big polar bear(she says what?) It broke the ice!
What does a Ghost say on 12/31? Happy New Fear!/Happy boo year!
You know I would love to show you the toys my elves make for adults.
If you didn't take a selfie at the gym, were you really there?
Why do blondes always wash there hair? They just read the instructions. Lather... Rinse... Repeat...
Why is a blonde like a railway track? She gets laid all over the country.
Girl:want to have a good time Guy:sure Girl:for you its free
Two blondes fell down a hole. One said, "It's dark in here isn't it?" The other replied, "I don't know; I can't see."
Did you hear about the tailor who shredded all the neckwear? His company severed all ties.
Tried to make a joke about putting Marijuana in the Dryer... All I got was Tumbleweed.
I just read the average age to lose your virginity is 17 years old. I'm finally above average for something.
In 34 years I've said I love you to two women and every dog I've ever seen.
If a dog sniffs your ass, you're probably a bitch.
My hot girlfriend broke up with me the other day... But she said, "Chester, we can still be cousins."
Welcome to Twitter - if you are not already following a mom who drinks wine one will be assigned to you.
I thought reverse psychology was when you made your therapist cry.
What is a runner's favourite subject in school? Jog-raphy!
I've got a new anorexic girlfriend. It's not going too well though. I'm just seeing less and less of her...
The only dates I get these days are software updates.
Five Secrets of Successful People:1. Don't 2. Tell 3. Anyone 4. Your 5. Secrets
I went to a seafood diner last night. I pulled a mussell.
Why do Jehovah's witnesses hate Halloween? They don't like people knocking on their door!
You're riding the crest of a slump?
If a giraffe had a sore throat, how many lozenges would it need to make it better?
At Comic Con, all I could think was how happy these people's moms must be to have the house to themselves for a few hours.
What's long and green and has a low I.Q.? A St. Patrick's Day Parade.
God sees everything. Neighbors – even more... Tell me who I am and I will tell you who you are...
You need some more fuel for that fire? Cause I got some wood for you right here.
I always wanted to be just like my mother. Today I'm working on dramatically clutching my throat when I'm told the price of anything.
My friend stopped by to tell me he had just been diagnosed as Dyslexic. Said he was going home to write it in his dairy.
A magician was driving down the road and turned into a shopping mall.
I'm just a burned out bulb on the billboard of life.
Why did the downhill skier take off all his clothes? Because he wanted to get windblown.
My dad finally left me a voicemail where  he didn't introduce himself. I think we're getting closer.
Did it hurt when you fell down from Heaven?
I'd like to say the best moment of a woman's life is giving birth, but it's actually seeing an old nemesis and realizing she got really fat.
Did you hear about the bonfire? I heard it was lit.
I guess the Tupperware lids in my house just graduate and go off to college or something.
Believe me if you ever saw it, you would even say it glows!
What's the best thing about 28 year old's? There's 20 of them.
Oh no! Help! I'm under a tack!
Unfortunately, but sometimes a woman can't find herself a man. She doesn't like the drunken ones, and the sober ones doesn't like her.
The fastest land mammal is a toddler who's been asked what's in their mouth.
Men are like placemats, they only show up when there's food on the table. 
Why should you send your sweetie a valentine? Because you always heart the one you love.
Love is like peeing yourself – everyone can see but only you feel the warmth.
You better hope you marry rich.
I drink straight out a of the wine bottle while cooking. I think that's what they mean by reducing it.
What is the difference between a Mexican and a book? A book has papers.
What did the boy cat say to the girl cat on Valentine's Day? You're purrr-fect for me!
What do heroin, jaywalking and prostitution have in common? They're all illegal, but people do them anyway.
I traded my Wifey for Wi-Fi! I'm now a refurbished [email protected]
If you wet your feet your throat will reject. If you ‘wet' your throat your feet will reject. 
Do you know how much a polar bear weighs? (no) me neither but enough to break the ice, hi my name is .....
What's a crocodile's favorite shoe? A Crocs.
Drugs are like guns, black people love them, but they never seem to be stealing them as to dealing.
Marijuana is the gateway drug to taking 45 minutes to pick out which color Gatorade you want to buy.
I typed "married" but it was auto-corrected to "martyred". Damn,smartphone has gained intelligence.
Well it took forever but I just paid the pizza guy entirely with the quarters I found behind his ears.
Alcohol not only expands the blood vessels but also communications.
Did you hear about the gay guy who got kicked off the golf course? He was playing with too many strokes.
If I was smarter, I would know so much more stuff.
What did Donald Trump say to Dora The Explorer while playing Uno? "Ok, you tortilla stop jumping and stealing all the green cards."
You know you're getting old when clerks start calling you honey.
Why do I always know where to go when I am canoeing? Because I "canoe" it.
Why did the man wear his wedding ring on the wrong finger? Because he was married to the wrong woman.
A beautiful girl looks good in the background of her smart friend.
A birth certificate is an apology from the government that you are now indentured and a social security number that you are no longer a sovereign.
I'm rubber and you're glue. She's tape. He's a stapler. Those guys are paper clips. All my friends are office supplies.
Why don't you throw a rock at a black kid on a bike? You might hit your bike.
The difference between the Pope and your boss. The Pope only expects you to kiss his ring. 
‘Who the hell allowed me to be born in this stupid head?' a Thought said and killed herself…
If cats could text you back, they wouldn't.
5 y.o.: Why do people congratulate you when Mom is the one making the baby? Me: I helped 5: How? Me: 5: Me: I read her the instructions
Relationship between men and women is psychological. She is psycho and he is logical.
My penis was in the Guinness book of world records. Then the librarian told me to take it out.
Ice-T was diagnosed with Parkinsons. Now he's using the stage name Chocolate Shake.
New Year's Day: Now is the accepted time to make your regular annual good resolutions. Next week you can begin paving hell with them as usual.
What do you call a man having a seizure in a pile of leaves? Russell.
I speak Swedish with an Ikea accent.
When you were born your mom said: "It's a treasure."
Dad said: "Ya let's bury."
How do you keep a Jew out of a canoe? With chips.
The speed of light is when you take out a bottle of beer out of the fridge before the light comes on.
I want to ask you out, but I've got butterflies in my stomach. And worms. And maggots. And..
I can't afford aromatherapy so I just randomly sniff stuff and hope.
I once crashed into a cow pasture. I was in for a beef of trouble.
I'm never wrong! One time, I thought I was wrong, but I was mistaken!
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Don't hate me because I'm beautiful. Hate me because your boyfriend thinks so.
I like the sound of you not talking.
What mobile game do coke addicts play? Nose Candy Crush.
There were plenty of lookers-on but no witnesses. 
Be it any situation but your friends are gonna be there with you probably asking for a treat!
Don't tell a lot about yourself, behind your back will tell more interestingly about you.
I'm a prince in Lagos, Nigeria and I want you to help me move $500 million out of the country.
Interested in seeing the "North Pole"? (Well, that's what the Mrs. calls it)
No checks (Czechs are welcome).
What cake makes you feel uncomfortable? Stomachache.
Have you ever tried camping sex? No, well its fucking in tents!
The wind was so strong last night I really struggled to light my cigarette. Eventually, after 20 minutes of trying, I gave in and stopped my motorbike on the hard shoulder.
What do you call a mexican rolling in sand? A churro.
A wise man once said, "There is safety in numbers". Yeah?! Well, tell that one to six million Jews!
Love is like Heaven... It makes me wish I was dead.
Trump invited Putin to Washington because it's customary to take a tour of your new home before you move in.
I may not have a dick but you're a massive one!
A new poll suggests that most people will likely finish reading any sentence that starts with "A new poll suggests."
Girl: "Every thing that comes out of you mouth is stupid!" Me: "You."
Please, Lady, come home with me. You never know what I'll turn into, at midnight!
What's the difference between an aerobics instructor and a dentist? A dentist lets you sit down while he hurts you.
I saw my black neighbour's house being raided, I have no idea as to why. Later did I find out that the crime rate in my area dropped by 50%
Please keep me in your thoughts and prayers right now. Nothing is going on, I'm just a narcissist.
What does a penis and an ego have in common? All men have one! 
What sound does a bouncing plane make? Boeing.
You're so fat you tried to eat Eniemen at the Grammies.
Kyle: "Dude, why is my netflix DVD out in the snow?" 
Ben: "Well, I heard the coolest thing on the internet right now is netflix and CHILL!"
The girls in my local strip club are so good with computers they do lap top dancing.
Me: I don't scare easily. Pregnant wife: All four of our daughters will be teenagers at the same time. Me: *never stops screaming*
I thought it was my birthday cake but it was just the shed on fire.
I feel sorry for wild animals because it's like they're always camping without beer.
What does a drug addict dream about on Christmas Eve? Building a snowman using only cocaine.
Q: What is the difference between a chicken and a turkey?
A: Chickens celebrate Thanksgiving!
What is big,black,and long? The line at KFC.
You know, you're not that bad looking -- for a fat-ass.
A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory.
Your eyes are as blue as my toilet water at home.
A gay says: "Dick has been made only for the ass; if it was suitable for pussy it should be made like an axe!
Why are blacks good at hide and seek in the dark? Because they blend in.
I love coffee. It's Redbull for old people.
A cubicle is just a padded cell without a door.
Her love makes my world go round.
Every day I spend a few hours on a running track. Next week I might even turn it on.
Everybody loves success, but they hate successful people.
Why did the gay man get mad at his boyfriend? He told him to straighten up.
Why did the chicken cross the Möbius strip? To get to the same side!
Why is it good to have a blonde passenger? You can park in the handicap zone. 
When I was at school, fifty two percent of the class were good at maths. I was one of the other thirty eight percent.
What's the origin of the word "Boob"? The "B" is the aerial view, the "oo" is the front view, the "b" is the side view.
I need to get a Transformer for my son for Christmas but it's sold out. I am an optimist primarily so I remain hopeful.
My take home pay won't even get me home.
Regular naps prevent old age, especially if you take them while driving.
She's so wrinkled, her mother was a Shar Pei.
You're so dumb you thought quarter backs was a change machine.
Thanks to Heroin I think I'm addicted to needles.
Are you an exception? I bet I can catch you.
Drink green beer on St Patricks Day! It counts as a vegetable!
My track record as an adult is mostly false starts, hurdles and running around in a circle.
Happy Valentines Day, who's your date today, your mom?
Never agree to plastic surgery if the doctor's office is full of portraits by Picasso.
I have three kids, one of each.
Gurl, you remind me of a box of chocolates.....(Why?) Cause I want to take your top off.
Did you hear about the girl who fell asleep on the Synagogue steps? She woke up with a heavy dew on her.
What do you call a fag in a wheel-chair? Roll-AIDS.
Sorry, I'm late. I got here as soon as I felt like it.
You know those people using bibles on their phones? They are using phony bibles.
What does tightrope walking and getting a blowjob from Grandma have in common? You don't look down.
If you got tired of living, don't share your thoughts with all your friends – they might not give you a chance to change your mind…
Sex discriminates against the shy and the ugly.
Can someone just invent a mirror that takes pictures already!
They are doing a sequel to Finding Dory where she discovers she has cancer and searches for a cure. It's called Finding Chemo.
Girl, we can play zoo..and you can tame my monkey
Everything is rightly confused.
To a young housewife: remember that a small bottle of vodka not only will decorate the table but also will hide your cooking mistakes.
Promising thread. Keep them cumming!
Masturbating is wrong in some people's eyes... Also, it burns.
What did the egg say to the boiling water? It will take a minute for me to get hard I just got laid by a chick
Son, when I was your age there was no social media. You had to go to a bar and buy endless drinks to be ignored by multiple women.
What's the difference between a mechanic and a doctor? A mechanic fixes his mistakes... A doctor buries his.
You can have too much of a good thing: birthdays.
It's a pleasure to see you and another – not to see.
Trump won't get re-elected if we just stop fixing our grandparents' WiFi.
What's the only drink size they allow in North Korea? A supreme liter.
There was only 2 things I was good at in school... Maths.
Our family motto is "Who took my phone charger?"
What did one telephone say to another? "You are too young to be engaged!"
Q: What's faster than a black guy stealing your TV? 
A: A bullet from a white man's gun.
Math problems were invented by men, just so women would be wrong some of the time.
How can you tell when a Gold Wing rider is having an affair? His helmet doesn't match the passengers.
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
What did Hitler get his niece for her birthday? A easy bake oven but with the Jews sold separate.
If you were a pole I would dance all over you.
Some people only gets called by their nicknames. Usually it sounds weird to even say their real name.
My life is an open book. But it's very poorly written and I die in the end.
I love my FedEx guy cause he's a drug dealer and he doesn't even know it — and he's always on time.
A lorry-load of tortoises crashed into a trainload of terrapins, I thought "That's a turtle disaster".
We never knew he was a drunk... until he showed up to work sober.
What are the worst six years in a blonde's life? Third Grade!
Got asked by two Thai girls if I wanted a threesome. They said it would be like winning the lottery. To my horror they were right. We had 6 matching balls.
Why do volleyball player want to join the armed forces? For the chance to gain some experience in the service.
America where we celebrate Memorial Day with mattress sales.
The Shining is my favorite movie about what can happen when you spend too much time with family.
Why did God create alcohol? So ugly people would have a chance to have sex.
Whats black and brown and looks good on a black guy? A Rottweiler.
You're so ugly, even Hello Kitty says goodbye.
What's black and white and red all over? Santa covered with chimney soot.
If our president decides to get rid of all the retarded people in the U.S., you will be the first one to go!
My uncle died in 9-11. He was the greatest pilot in all of Saudi Arabia.
3-year-old: *stares at the baby* What does it do? Me: Nothing yet. She's not here to entertain you. 3: Me: 3: Can we get one that is?
Deja Vu – When you think you're doing something you've done before, it's because God thought it was so funny, he had to rewind it for his friends.
Darling, you are the most beautiful woman in this party! Did you invite these guests on purpose?
I'm at the age where I can't keep up with all the things I hate.
Where do snowmen go to donate their sperm? The snowbank.
Hi, Can I domesticate you?
I don't date older women because it takes too long to listen to their life story.
I need some band-aids I'm getting cut from all this working out.
I accidentally took an extra step when I reached the top of the stairs and now I'm in a marching band.
You look like the grinch with plastic surgery gone wrong!
You don't sweat much for a fat chick.
I'm not a Facebook status, you don't have to like me.
Why did the chink fail his blood test? He didn't study!
"Dad, how do stars die?" "Usually an overdose."
What do you tell someone you didn't see at New Year's Eve? I haven't seen you for a year!
My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from local zoo.
I'm being managed by Don King again
What do they do with blacks after they die? Gut them and use them as wetsuits.
Whenever I fill out an application, in the part that says "If an emergency, notify:" I put "DOCTOR". What's my mother going to do?
I've been waiting to get a book on how to commit suicide from the library but the last guy hasn't brought it back.
How can you tell when a woman is about to say something smart? When she starts a sentence with "a man once told me".
Where do cows go on their summer vacation? Moo York.
What do perverted leprechauns drink on St. Patricks Day? Mount & Do.
How do you get a sweet little 80-year-old lady to say the F word? Get another sweet little 80-year-old lady to yell *BINGO*!
On St. Patrick's Day I like to make believe I'm Irish. Just like at Christmas when I make believe I'm good.
Politics is just show business for ugly people.
For my wife's birthday, I bought her a fridge freezer. I know it's not much, but you should have seen her face light up when she opened it.
Why did the female snowman delete Tinder? She was getting too many snow cone pics.
Please spread the word. Sure, no problem! W o r d.
The trick to really enjoying someone's company is to not spend a lot of time with them.
How do you get off a non-stop flight?
I've seen a lot of great photos of babies in my life, so if you want my like on Facebook you better bring it.
I think Facebook needs a group so gingers can mark themselves as safe in this heat.
The main thing I want this holiday season is for someone to wake me when it's over.
If I had a dollar for everytime I had an existential crisis it wouldnt matter because currency is a social construct and life is meaningless.
Want to take a look at my benefit package?
Autocorrect changed Morning Run to Morning Rum. Change Of Plans, Guys!
Did you hear about the 2 gay men that got into a fight in a bar? They were ejected for exchanging blows.
What has eight arms and an IQ of 80? Four girlfriends drinking on St Patricks Day!
Mattel has a campaign urging girls to pursue their limitless potential. It's called You Can Be Anything Except A Woman With Barbie's Body.
Bills travel through the mail at twice the speed.
You can break a girl's head with a simple stone, and with a precious stone, you can break a girl's heart. But the wise say it is better with a simple one.
My friend told me he had a sister. I asked if she was hot and he said she was 8. That wasn't my question.
How did the snowman lose his head? Someone sat on his face.
Don't drink and drive because you might spill the drink.
Don't forget Mother's Day. Or as they call it in Beverly Hills, Dad's Third Wife Day.
Why do Mexicans re-fry beans? Because they can't do anything right the first time.
Titanic was such a beautiful movie, it always gets me. Makes me wanna go on a cruise like that one day.
What is the definition of "making love"? Something a woman does while a guy is screwing her.
What has a whole bunch of little balls and screws old ladies? A bingo machine.
Why do gay men fake orgasms? Because they will be in deep shit if they don't!
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just cant hold it in!
My apocalypse survival plan is to die immediately.
If the music's too loud you're too old.
At my funeral the priest will throw my corpse into the crowd and whoever catches it will be the next to die.
I hope you like beef because we will eat that when we meat.
My mom comes into my room with my grades, and one of them have a zero, and she asks, "Why does it say that this is incomplete?" I say, "It was optional." For me it was optional.
The recommended age to have a Ouija Board is 8+ years old. So, you need to be 21 years old to drink alcohol and 8 to summon the devil.
The police arrested me for killing and raping a girl. My defense? This corpse has been a virgin her whole life!
You so ugly, your mama had morning sicknesses after you were born.
The best contraceptive for old people is nudity. 
What do you call a porn star with a little dick? White!
I found a message in a bottle. It said "You drink too much."
What's the worst part about going to a gay picnic? All the hotdogs taste like shut.
Nurse: "Doctor why is there a thermometer behind your ear?
Doctor: "Damn! Some asshole must have my pen!"
The more pregnant I get, the more often strangers smile at me. Why? "Cause you're fatter than they are."
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
When I was a child I would rather go for bathing with my father; because while slipping I kept mine. Dad's dick!
Our WIFI was down yesterday and I spent 45 minutes trying to fix it. Our dishwasher has been broken for 3 weeks and I haven't even touched it.
My sexual experiences are much like my exams. A lot of nervous build up before hand, performance is rushed and the end results are often disappointing.
How does a network administrator nerd greet people who come to his house? Welcome to 127.0.0.1
If my puns are cheesy, then they would go well with crackers.
Why did God give Black guy's big dicks? He felt sorry for putting pubes on their heads.
What do you call a smart blonde? A golden retriever.
Happy 10th birthday to your dating profile pic.
Money can't buy happiness, but it can help you look for it quicker, in a convertible.
You look like something I drew with my left hand.
Using a public restroom always reminds me how much better I am at flushing a toilet than a lot of other people on this planet.
Why are Vegan women, hypocrites? Cause they love to bone and eat meat!
Someone broke into my house and stole my external hard drive; they really got my backup.
What's the difference between a boyfriend and a husband? 45 minutes.
What summer vacation destination makes a pet bird sing for joy? The Canary Islands!
Hey there, mind if I take a bite? Cause your decomposing in ALL the right places.
Most females don't answer video calls after 9pm because their face has been restored to factory settings.
He may have a nice car but I have a fast sleigh
The best present is the present made by your own slaves.
You know that person that always have to be right and have the last word? Shoot them!
What is a skeleton? Skeleton is a person who starts dieting but forgot to stop it...
You might not be a Bulls fan, but I know you felt it when this D rose.
What medical condition does a person have if the shoot all the bullets out the mag, then tries to shoot the enemy and forgets he shoot all the bullets. Ammoneisa.
A black man, a Muslim and Mexican jump off a building, who wins? Society.
I went to school without my shoes today. I got shoe-spended for a week.
Everything has to be related in a woman: if the mouth shuts, the legs open.
A woman once wanted me to father her child no strings attached. In other words, "I like your genes, but I don't like what you've done with them." I agreed but with one condition. She had to put it up for adoption.
I hope that a blind mouse eats you. 
Why blind? 
It should be blind in order doesn't feel what a nasty thing it is eating!
Your so ugly when you were born your mom said "Oh what a treasure" and your dad said "Yeah le´ts bury it."
Telling a girl to calm down works about as well as trying to baptize a cat.
I hate going on the road, it Drives me crazy.
She asked if I had my shit together yet? I said of course, cause no one wants a man with Diarrhea.
Why can you see black people at night? Because they shut off the lights.
What is a video game characters favorite method of brawling? Hitboxing!
Why did the snowman take his pants off? Because he saw the snowblower coming.
My dad never seemed to see the irony in calling me a son of a bitch he does it every day.
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once.
Q: What's different from a be enchanting and a black person? A: A bench can support a family.
What do pregnant teenagers and their babies have in common? They both think,"My moms gonna kill me".
I didn't do it, nobody saw me do it, you can't prove anything.
Why women never fart when your dating? They don't have an ass hole till after they are married.
Call your dad now and ask him what the wifi password is so he has time to find the little paper it's written on before Thanksgiving.
Scooters and fat girls are both fun to ride. Until your friends see you.
Sure women live longer than men, but we spend that extra time at awkward bridal and baby showers wishing we were dead, so I feel like it's a fair trade.
As best man it is my job to tell you about the groom, and all the embarrassing things that have happened to him in the 28 years leading up to what was the happiest day of his life until i started this speech.
I return to work tomorrow with a child-like belief that 2017 is the year people will think at least twice before hitting Reply All.
A healthy male organism is the one, which wakes up in the morning before the man.
I'm typically attracted to guys who look like I'll need therapy after dating them.
Love is an ocean of emotions entirely surrounded by expenses.
Don't drink and drive, might hit a bump and spill it.
Scratches and dents on the doors of your car are the side effects of bad driving.
There's a lot of pretty woman at spring because during other seasons you appreciate them with your brain.
If the other driver had stopped a few yards behind himself the accident would not have happened.
I read somewhere that Alligators only have to eat once every three weeks... if only that Disney Alligator could have waited one more day.
My wife hired a fact checker for when we argue.
Don't drink while driving – you will spill the beer.
If you want to change your life significantly just walk to the Mercedes-Benz 600 standing at the junction, take a brick and throw it into the windshield.
I'm experiencing heavy call volumes. Please hang up and never call me again.
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working? Yell at her.
I read a survey that said 82% of people enjoy being cuddled. But if the people on this bus are any indication, the real figure is, like 0%.
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
Your kid may be an honors student, but you're still an idiot.
Diet tip: If you think you're hungry, you might just be thirsty. Have a bottle of wine first and then see how you feel.
If I buy a soccer ball, will you kick it with me?
I might only be 25% Irish, but on St Patrick Days I will be 100% drunk.
Are your other donkeys jealous because that's one fine ass
We can't afford to take our kids to a corn maze this year so we're just going to take them to an IKEA instead.
How do you milk sheep? Release a new iPhone and charge $1,000 for it.
She's so ugly, the fell out of the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down.
Walk up to a friend at work or school and whisper, "They know." Then quickly walk away. Most people will wrack their brains wondering what they did that people found out about.
I live in a hutch filled with vibrating cedar chips
"I just don't understand why I can't sleep" she said while staring at the little glowing box of doom in her hand.
Your pants say yoga, but your ass says McDonald's.
Farting is like the frozen song. 
In the public: Conceal, don't feel... Don't let them know. 
At home: Let it go, let it go... Can't hold it back anymore.
Why can't the Christmas tree stand up? It doesn't have legs.
There is 1 thing 2 do 3 words 4 you I LOVE YOU.
Winter is natures way of telling you to polish.
War does not determine who is right – only who is left.
Is your name country crock, cause you can spread for me anytime.
It's all fun and games until someone loses an eye. Then it's just a game. Find the eye!
Q: What did the nurse say to John Cena? A: ICU.
Going apple picking would be cool if you don't know grocery stores exist.
Ugh, who has time to work out?... I say before a 45 minute nap.
What does the dish scrambled eggs and brains have in common? Ignorant people!
I said "no" to drugs, but they just wouldn't listen.
Fat people suffer from their feet... their feet won't stay out of the chip shop.
You're about as much use as parallel lines of a railway track. The only difference is the railway tracks take people places and with the way you are, it's no wonder you always end up going nowhere in life.
What's the name of the latest gay sitcom? "Leave it, it's Beaver."
I could tell my parents hated me, my bath toys were a toaster and a radio.
He was in a pub when he proposed. It was very romantic – he got up on one knee.
For Mother's Day, I got my mom a case of Bud Lite. After all, I'm the reason she drinks.
How do blonde braincells die? Alone. 
I don't need more meds, just fewer people.
I'm pretty sober, but I'm prettier drunk.
You: "Hey! What's your stomach fuel level on?"
Student: "E! I'm starvin'!"
A wife can enjoy anything, until it's not my salary.
You know the guy that was in the ring? Turns out the one he fought with was a bunch of bull.
What's the first thing a blonde does in the morning? Introduces themself.
To avoid a collision I ran into the other car.
It is said that, you can't buy happiness. You only need to know the right places...
Before marriage, men would wander parking lots aimlessly because they had no one to point out the open spots.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because KFC was on the other side.
Makeup tip: You're not in the circus.
Why do Africans wear lip plates? So they have something to play hoops with when they take it out.
Easy to Easy is not easy.
I opened Outlook Calendar at work today. It looked like a bad game of Tetris.
I am so old I can tell the same joke on facebook every day. Some of my friends are so old, they will think it is a new joke every day.
What's the difference between wife and a blue whale? About 10 pounds.
If You weigh 200 pounds on the Earth it is only 76 pounds on the Mars, and it means You are not fat but you are just on the wrong planet.
Your mama is so stupid, she thought you were smart.
Isn't it great to live in the 21st century? Where saluting the moths of the year become more important than to salute your friends...
She's as smart as bait.
The more I practice boxing, the more unclear and obscure things are around me.
Me: Siri, why am I alone? Siri: *opens front facing camera*
Why is it hard to play the card game "Uno" with a group of Mexicans? Because they all take the green cards.
I hate when a couple argues in public but I missed the start and don't know whose side I'm on.
My wife and I have started aggressively planning for our retirement, and by that I mean we're playing the lottery 3-5 times per week.
What do you call the useless piece of skin on a penis? The man.
If the fortune has turned her back on you, you can do whatever you want behind her back.
Whats orange and looks good on a black guy? Fire.
If Snapchat has taught me anything it's that a lot of you females look better as farm animals.
She's so fat that she ran down the street chasing a yellow school bus thinkg it was the largest twinkey ever.
I got fired as an estate agent the other day. It was for selling the wrong type of semi.
I am not an alcoholic. I simply enjoy living in liquid medium.
My friend told me he wanted to see Africa and experience seeing people of a different skin color... Later, I had to tell him KFC didn't count as a place.
What do you call it when a 90 year old man masturbates successfully? Miracle whip.
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.
My wife's maggot soup surprise is better than it used to be now that it is topped with coal ash.
People are like trees, if you chop them with an axe they die.
Your face is the reason why the new iPhone X failed to recognize someone's face.
If my dog had a face like yours I would shave his ass and walk him backwards.
My teen sent my call directly to voicemail on the phone she used to have.
Hurry! Stop standing around, hearing all you can see!
Facebook memories are a great way to see how fat you've gotten.
You're not fat, you're just so full of shit.
Yo momma is so short, when she went to meet Santa he said, "Go back to work!"
In the competition of female logics, a random number generator won.
Why do blacks smell? So blind people can hate them too.
Immaculate conception is spreading rapidly, with adult born yesterday!
Did you hear about that kid that had sex with his teacher? Yeah, he recently died from hi-fiving.
What has four legs, is big, green, fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree would kill you? A pool table.
Swallowing your babies is fatal.
Just finished building the deepest well in England. Got the plans wrong way round, started work on the tallest lighthouse.
I went out drinking on St Patricks Day, so I took a bus home... That may not be a big deal to you, but I've never driven a bus before.
The grass is always greener on the other side because its fertilized with bullshit.
To the 20 year old girl who wrote an essay claiming she is too pretty to be allowed to lead a normal life:Same.
Intimacy is selfish: into me see.
Ever get it on with a rodent?
I can feel the gluons being exchanged between us.
When does a black guy type the fastest... When he trying to guess the Alarm code.
Yo mama so stupid when she got a call from her iPhone she put it in her eye.
Ladies dating a short guy is fun until you can't find him at the club and you don't have taxi money to go home.
What do you buy a friend graduating from Law School? A law-botomy.
The other day I stopped to pick buttercups, what buttocks were doing on the floor I don't know.
I found out about you from my last nightmare.
What does it mean when you see a bunch of blacks running in one direction? Jail break.
Why do white peope call a Indians paiutes? Cuz paiutes was a Indians first words and they were like 30yrs old!
I really lack the words to compliment myself today.
Why are the palms of black people white? Because there's a little bit of good in everybody.
Hi, welcome to dating. These are your two options:
1. Stay together forever
2. Break up
No pressure.
Ready for the only way to enjoy Instagram? Follow zero people. Follow every dog.
Middle age is when your old classmates are so grey and wrinkled and bald they don't recognize you.
Whenever I see you there is a smile on my face. And by smile I meant I laugh.
I've seen a turkey but I've never been to Turkey.
You know how birds can't see glass? Well, blondes can't either.
By the cup of Nescafé even the most secret thoughts turn into words, and by the bottle of vodka – into actions.
Her cooking is so bad, it would make medicine sick!
Being a Mulato isn't very profitable, the black half wants to steel your phone, the white half wants to pay the bill.
Why do men snore when they lay on their backs? Because their balls fall over their assholes and they vapor.
I think therefore I can't get anything done.
Why do people get married? So they can get divorced.
I love oral sex... it's the phone bill I hate.
If you are a bit paranoid, does that mean you're upset with the numbers from 0 to 3?
What's the difference between a Boy-Scout and a Jew? Boy-Scouts get to leave camp.
You grow on people....so does cancer.
My life is a lot like that driver who signals right, but turns left.
I need hug(e amount of money).
You're not sure – outrun and make sure.
There's something actionable in your pants.
I come from a stupid family. During the civil war my great uncle fought for the West.
Wow, this article looks awesome.
*clicks link*
*finds out it's a slideshow*
*throws computer out the window*
Dear alcohol, We had a deal where you would make me funnier, smarter, and a better dancer... I saw the video... we need to talk.
The most beautiful makeup of a woman is passion. But cosmetics are easier to buy.
If you're violent but also creative, try paintball.
Did you hear about the monkey with a steak on his head, thought he was a grills?
Woke up early to go for a run and got as far as still laying here.
"I see your grades are struggling..." said my mum.
So I said, "Like that button holding your trousers together..."
I hate when someone wants to have sex with me for superficial reasons before they even know how funny.
Sure, white people can't say the "N word" but at least we can say phrases like, "Thanks for the warning, Officer" and, "Hey, Dad."
It's a sin to love another's wife and a punishment to love yours.
There is no "me" in team. No, wait, yes there is!
There was an outbreak of food poisoning among the world leaders at the recent summit. During the food preparation, they feared what the Russians Putin May Merkel Trump.
Other people don't like my queue jumping. Especially when I use my motorcycle.
You know what a fat girl and a moped have in common? They are both fun to ride until your friends see you!
Me: And the award for the most awesome daddy goes to...? *6 blinks M: The most awesome daddy award goes to...? *6 blinks M:  6: Luke's dad?
Saw a rival dad at Home Depot so I asked if he needed help finding anything.
I must have a nice butt, because, everytime I'm walking away from talking to someone they say "What an ass?"
On a scale of newlyweds to married 25 years, how willing are you to admit I'm right?
They say people couldn't have everything because they don't have enough space to put it, I say 'everything' includes a bag with infinite space so I can put everything in easily.
The national debt isn't the only thing that's rising.
People always say to do exercise, I do Breathing... Could I be more WORKING!
Join The Army, visit exotic places, meet strange people, then kill them.
I'm not a stalker, I'm just an unpaid private investigator.
Me: Yay! No more periods! Menopause: Wait, here's a beard.
I had an argument with a woman... yeah... I lost...
Twitter is just LinkedIn for the chronically unemployed.
I never knew the meaning of true happiness until I got married, but then it was too late...
A black person, a Asian and a Mexican jump out of a plane. Who wins? Society.
When watching any game of woman's sport you must always spare minutes silence and think of all the men who will go without dinner tonight.
How do you starve a black man? Put his food stamps in his work boots.
Yo momma is so fat, I took a picture of her last Christmas and it's still printing.
What's the difference between a Jew and a bullet? The bullet gets out of the chamber.
Uber lost over a billion dollars in the last six months so they're asking their drivers to check between the seat cushions.
Why is Santa's sack so big? Because he only comes once a year.
There are a lot of female hormones in beer. When I drink five bottles I also can't drive a car and start behaving illogically.
Your mama so fat, when you kill her you got a 5 kill streak.
Why do blacks wear white gloves? So they don't bite their fingers eating tootsie rolls.
If I got a penny for everyone I've met who is as beautiful as you, I'd have all the money in the world.
My girl always tells me "Life is about the little things", but I just hate when she talks about her Ex.
Your phone screen is brighter than your future.
How do you treat someone with herpes?
With disdain.
The only thing more important than your happiness is mine so get on it.
The only difference between the people I've dated and Charles Manson is that Manson has the decency to look like a nut case when you first meet him.
Top quark or bottom quark?
What does an Ethiopian family look like? A barcode.
I tried eharmony. They kept matching me up with women who look like me in a wig. I'd be too intimidated to date someone that attractive.
Useless trying to undo a mistake. Focus your efforts on new ones.
What do you call one black on the moon? Problem. What do you call ten blacks on the moon? Problems. What do you call the entire black population on the moon? Problem solved.
I came inside of her not because of the fame but because of the human life on earth.
A mother makes her son intelligent in 20 years, but a woman can make him stupid in 30 seconds.
Is that a Higgs boson in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Getting a red heart instead of a yellow star makes me feel like things are moving a little too fast between us.
She is so fat if you told her to haul ass it would take two trips.
What do you do when you find out Viagra isn't working for you? You go Cialis!
You: "Is there 22 letters in the alphabet..."
Them: "No there is 26..."
You: "Sorry I forgot U R Q T"
I'm taking Viagra and drinking prune juice - I don't know if I'm coming or going.
Yo mama so fat when she stepped on the weighing scale it said: "I need your weight, not your phone number."
My kid wants $20 to go through a corn maze with his friends, which is $20 more than I normally pay to walk through vegetables.
Your eyes have a perfect wavelength of 563.4 nm.
Why are men like cars? Because they always pull out before they check to see if anyone else is cumming.
She's single if her man can't beat you up.
Do you want to see a murderer? Kill someone and look yourself in the mirror.
How do you get four queers on a bar stool? Turn it upside down.
You seem like the kind of person who always tried to open the wrong side of the milk carton in grade school.
What has got two legs and bleeds? Half a dog!
Why do white men stay with their women? They'll have a hard time trying to find another that likes little dicks.
What's yellow and black and makes you laugh: A bus full of niggers going over a cliff.
Sis wanted a cheese, I gave her D camera and told her to say cheese!
What's the difference between batman and a black man? Batman can go into a store without robin.
You head is so long when you ran in a race you came first and last.
One time I told a rival dad that the air pressure looked low in one of his tires right in front of a group of people.
Idiot college called, they want there mascot back.
My love for you is like God. Not real.
You know you're getting old when you start having dry dreams and wet farts.
So I hear you like snakes...I have one its called a "trouser snake"
The three words most hated by men during sex? "Are you In?" or "Is It In?"
What are a blonde's first words after graduating college? "Would you like fries with that?"
Why did God create black men? So fat white girls could dance (and get laid).
If I can't buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
I heard you were good at algebra. Can you replace my X without asking y?
I'm not racist, my shadow is black. 
Ever done it on a pile of artificial grass?
Hey Cutie ever do it in a sleigh?
When you were born the doctor slapped your mama and said "oh goodie twins".
Are you a mum? I am not a dad! Maybe you could help me with that!
My wine drinking is merely functional... My personality is better with a little marinade.
You so ugly on Halloween someone said scary costume.
If you are supposed to learn from your mistakes, why do some people have more than one child.
A man enters a store and says: "15 litres of wine please." "Did you bring a container for this?" "You're speaking to it."
For me, being "clean and sober" means I'm showered and headed to the pub.
Alcohol makes people do things they know they shouldn't but kinda want to. E.g I started sleeping 20 hours a day.
Yo hair so greasy, that you can survive off the fried chicken in food shortage.
Every time you go to take a picture, when you smile you burn a hole straight through the camera.
If you don't drink, smoke or do drugs you may live long enough to be a real burden to loved ones.  Please pass the wine.
Q: Why are all blacks fast? A: The slow ones are in jail.
My wife told me: "Sex is better on holiday." That wasn't a very nice postcard to receive.
A black guy goes up to his friend and says "I'm confused, this guy keeps calling me a ginger". His friend goes "he's just dyslexic".
Weak men have a lover, strong men – three.
A woman is like canned food: one opens and everyone eats.
I'm guessing I'm not married because I'd take a bullet for a grilled cheese before I'd take one for a girl.
How many cops does it take to throw a black man down a flight of stairs? None. He Fell.
When some one told you that you have jelly rolls, you tried to eat yourself but your fat body stopped you from doing so.
Your so butters that clover the butter company used you in their adverts.
Why is a Laundromat a really bad place to pick up a woman? Because a woman who can't even afford a washing machine will probably never be able to support you.
Man, a tire's life must suck, we seem them rolling, then we hating.
My New Year's resolution is to be more optimistic by keeping my cup half-full with either rum, vodka, or whiskey.
Me: let's go this way. Shopping cart: no.
I hate the part of the conversation where the other person says things.
The next tropical cyclone should be named after you. It would be less fatal than your face.
Hey Babe, when was the last time you did it in a sleigh?
She's so ugly, she made a freight train take a dirt road!
Why do the Scottish wear kilts? Because a sheep can hear a zipper from like a mile away.
Hey, I'm not saying Hitler was a great guy, but he really saved the Histoy channel.
Sperm is white and pee is yellow so a man can tell if he's coming or going.
Men are like frogs, the most important thing is to jump on faster.
I require three things in a man. He must be handsome, ruthless and stupid.
Women were born to WOO MEN but why do they WOE MEN?
I'm an antisocial-psychic. I can see ahead of time that I won't want to talk to you.
Yo mamma so fat, when she plays paintball her teammates hide behind her.
What do you call a black guy with Parkinson's? A chocolate shake.
What do a Christmas tree and priest have in common? Their balls are just for decoration.
What do politicians and porn stars have most in common? They're experts at switching positions in front of camera.
Why is there so much blood in my alcohol system?
ISIS is taking back territory after a surprise turn of events. Their new partnership with Samsung is quickly paying off
Why do blacks raise chickens? To teach their kids how to walk.
Sometimes I hide my girlfriend's inhaler so the neighbors think I'm a stud when they hear her panting, "Give it to me!"
Any car is a self-driving car if you don't give a shit.
What's long, black and smelly? The unemployment line.
What happened to the Irish man who thought about the evils of drinking in the New Year? He gave up thinking.
What do you call a dictionary using meth? Addictionary.
Why do black widow spiders kill their males after mating? Penis envy.
Here's $10. Drink until I am really good looking, then come and talk to me.
Hey baby, wanna play lion? OK. You go kneel right there and I'll throw you my meat.
Don't worry laundry, it's Friday night and nobody is doing me either.
What's the difference between a jew and a pizza? A pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven!
Come to my 127.0.0.1 and I'll give you sudo access.
You so ugly your mum ran up the stairs of the hospital when you were born and jumped off the roof.
Throwing acid is wrong, in some people's eyes.
Your so fat you were rolling down a hill and you never stopped.
Why couldn't the toilet paper cross the road? Because it got stuck in a crack.
Are you from Pennsylvania cause I want to stick my pen in your sylvania
How do you get 1 million followers? Run through Africa with a water bottle.
A black man and a Mexican were both in a car - who was driving? The police officer.
We must pay for the mistakes of our youth… at the drugstore.
What is a snowman's favorite sex position? Sled doggy-style.
What's the difference between men and women going to the same holiday destination? Women go to phuket men go to fuket.
Sex at age 90 is like trying to shoot pool with a rope.
I call my car the "Pussy Wagon" because that's where I go to cry.
Why did a woman include a bag of meth with her ATM transaction? She thought it would speed up her deposit!
If you were a basketball, could I drive you, and lay you up?
How many police officers does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None, they just beat the room for being black.
What did God say when he saw the first black person? Ooops, I burnt one!
What do you do if you see a black person hoping in your front yard? Reload and shoot again.
What is the difference between a sperm and a lawyer? None, both have one in a million chance to be human beings.
If your coworker has a picture of herself and her dog labeled "Beauty and the Beast" you shouldn't ask her which one is which.
You cannot eat me unless you spread me. -Butter
Which part of the Bible won't you find a black man? The Book of Job.
WHY GOD? WHY ONLY ME? WHY YOU ARE DOING THIS TO ME... Didn't we had a deal that I never get old :'(
If it's true that we are here to help others, then what exactly are the others here for?
A Mexican, a black boy, and a white boy, they are all in the first grade, which one has the biggest peter? The black boy because he's 17.
Learn from your parents' mistakes: use birth control.
Lets play railroad I'll be the train and ur the tunnel
Why are black people so good at basketball? They know how to run shoot and steal.
Whats long and hard on a nigger? First grade. 
I don't need a reason to enjoy a little wine. I just need a glass.
Just found out an acquaintance is a drug dealer, would never have guessed, seems like a nice, funny guy. He always cracked me up.
I refused to believe I was gay and dyslexics. I was in Daniel.
Staring at an eclipse without glasses is much less painful than looking at your face.
Sometimes I shoot off at the mouth but I have turrets syndrome.
I got drunk last night and my house wasn't where I left it.
You are so gay your favorite game is leapfrog with unicorns.
Two cows in a field. Which one is on holiday? The one with the week cave.
Why did the prostitute retire? She screwed up!
What's the best thing about being a meth addict? Only one sleep till Christmas.
What u call 10 black people in the back of a truck? A good days hunting.
How do you stop 5 black guys from raping a white girl? Throw them a basketball.
God must love stupid people. He made SO many.
What do you call a white person running down a hill? An avalanche. 
What do you call a mexican running down the hill? A mudslide. 
What do you call a black person running down the hill? Prison break.
Why can't blondes count to 70? Because 69 is a bit of a mouthful.
Doctor: "You need to stop masturbating."
Patient: "Why?"
Doctor: "Because I would like to start the exam."
Your pussy is in more danger than a seal during Shark Week.
Why do black people drive on the left side of the road? Because they don't have any rights.
It's better to have a bottle in front of me, than a frontal lobotomy.
Little catholic boy asked the priest "do you mind if I play the organ this week?" And the priest replied "not at all."
"I would like my pizza to be 1/3 Hawaiian, 1/3 meat-lovers, and 1/3 vegeterian," ...said the zombie.
Why did God create the orgasm? So women can moan even when they're happy.
Relationship status - table for one but drinks for two.
What's the definition of "Tender Love?" Two gays with hemorrhoids. 
If you see me with a water bottle, there's probably vodka in it
Why did God give men penises? So they'd have at least one way to shut a woman up.
Why did the little old lady make her husband shovel the driveway? She thought she heard him begging for a snow job.
It's been proven that girls reach the age of puberty earlier than boys. Girls develop tits around the age of 13, boys around the age of 40.
Why are most politicans in the closet or gay? Because they can only mandate.
What's the difference between a Catholic wife and a Jewish wife? A Catholic wife has real orgasms and fake jewelry.
Where is the best place to hide a nigger's food stamps? Under his work boots.
In principle, I can stop drinking, the thing is – I don't have such a principle.
Do you like the internet? Cause I can put you on there if you come back to my place.
Couple beside me in restaurant are on a blind date; they both love dogs, sushi, and looking at Tinder while the other one is in the restroom.
All panties aside, it's Friday.
What did one lesbian vampire say to another lesbian vampire? "See you next month!"
Baby, let's configure our hard drives in master and slave position.
Why do blacks people take a knee? Because standing upright is more difficult for them.
Why don't black people have dreams? Look what happened to the last one who did.
Do you play volleyball? Because you look like your good on ur knees!
What does NAACP stand for? National Association of Apes Called People.
What is a blonde's favorite fairy tale? Humpme Dumpme!
I know my limits: if I fell down it means enough.
It probably seems like I'm listening to your story, but I'm really thinking, "close your fucking menu or the waiter will never come over."
I asked a black kid what his favorite method of expressing an exponent is. He said he didn't like black radicals, but liked black power.
What do you call a short black person? By their name, you racist.
If Google ever goes down and stays down, I'm fucked. I know four facts and they're all about elephants and I already forgot three of them.
Why do doctors slap babies' butts right after they're born? To knock the penises off the smart ones.
Looking at you, I understand why some animals eat their young.
New hangout for white racist... is in a box of crackers.
If you wrote essay about chinese food,what would it call? Dogcument.
Your IQ is so low, even Frankenstein started crying.
What are the three words that men hate to hear during sex? "Are you done?"
Why do we laugh at female presidential candidates? Because they're Hillary-ous!
Did you hear about the homosexual electron? Went around blowing fuses.
You know she loves you when she picks your nose. How much is determined by whether she gives it to you or eats it herself.
Lets role play I'll be Osama, You be a cave, and I'll hide up inside you
So sorry I asked if your makeup was by Picasso.
You so fat the scale screamed "Get the fuck off me".
Today I found my first grey pubic hair. I got really excited, but not as much as the other people in the lift.
How do you keep black people out of your back yard? Hang one in the front!
Why does a blond wear a tight skirt? To keep here legs closed. 
My parents are from Glasgow which means they're incredibly hard, but I was never smacked as a child. Well, maybe one or two grams to get me to sleep at night.
Q: Why don't blacks fuck Afghans? A: Because they are going to make you blow.
How do you fit 140 Jewish people in a pickup truck? 5 in the front, 14 in the back, and the rest in the ash tray...
What do you call a gay dinosaur? Brontosoarass.
Did you hear about the gay security guard who got fired from his job at the sperm bank? He got caught drinking on the job.
Girl, if you were a camel, I'd hump you!
How do you save a nigger from drowning? Shoot him.
I asked Barack Obama if we could get together later, and he said Yes We Can!
She just wanted to make her friend jealous and accidentally made a porno.
What is the difference between a dog and a fox? About 5 drinks
What do you get when you cross a Mexican and a nigger? Someone who is too lazy to steal.
What do you call a barn full of black people... Antique farm equipment
Why are blondes so easy to get into bed? Who cares?
Q: How does a blonde turn the lights on in the morning? A: She opens the car door.
If you and I were squirrels, could I bust a nut in your hole?
What do black guys have that's double the size of white men and gets bigger every time they touch a woman?
Their criminal record.
Why does a blonde wear green lipstick? Because red means Stop.
A man is walking through a graveyard when he sees another man squatting next to a grave. "Morning!" he calls out. "No, just taking a shit!"
What do you call a blonde skeleton in the closet? Hide-and-go-seek winner from last year.
I plan to donate my liver to an alcoholic so i'll know it's a match
Oh... Sorry... Did you mistake me for someone who cares?
How long does it take a black lady to shit? About 9 months.
Why do pills work? Because they're white.
If I was a dog, and you were a flower, I'd lift up my legs, and give you a shower.
War is God's way of teaching Americans geography.
One cigarette shortens your life by two hours, one bottle of vodka by three hours, and a workday – eight hours.
I wasn't planning on giving Christmas gifts this year until I heard about those exploding Samsung Galaxy phones.
My friend required 10 stitches in his ass. He was trying to cut fart and the knife slipped.
Son asking father. Why are niggers so black daddy? Well son, whip this one while I think about it.
Q: What do you call a bunch of dead black people in a barn? A: Out dated farming equipment.
What's faster than a Cheetah? A Jew with a coupon.
Friend: "I don't want to bore you with my problems."
Me: "Awesome, thank you."
Your mama got a eye in her ass talking about I see that shit.
Alcohol won't mend a broken heart.But that doesn't mean I won't try it again tonight.
The advantage of using a nailcutter is, you won't get scratchmark on your forehead skin and the disadvantage is, you can't peel off garlic skin.
If I wanted your opinion, I would give it to you.
Is bullshit one word or two? I just want these Valentine's cards for my prayer group to be perfect.
So, after beating the crap out of the nerdy kid in my class who always gets things right, I returned to the front of the classroom and resumed teaching.
Why don't you remove those barriers to imports? It will ease my inflation and the benefits will trickle down.
I called the Child Abuse Hotline. A kid answered, called me a fat cunt, and told me to fuck off.
You were beautiful in my dreams, but a fucking nightmare in reality.
I drank so much I'm donating my liver to science fiction.
If you fuck " P" it would change to " B ".
Roses are red, violets are blue, sugar is sweet and so are you. But roses are wilting, violets are dead, sugar bowl's empty and so is your head.
What's a word that begins with a N and ends with a R you never want to call a black person? Neighbor.
There's a easter parade in my pants...wanna go?
Firefighters in London were called to assist hospital staff when a man's genital became trapped in a spanner. A hospital spokesman said the patient took a turn for the worse.
Oh, you're straight? Well, so is spaghetti until it gets hot and wet.
What is the difference betwen a blonde and a Lamborghini? You don't let your friends borrow your Lamborghini.
Your mother so old she breast milk turn into powder milk.
Wine improves with age. I improve with wine.
I'll never forget my grandpa's final words, "stop shaking the ladder you cunt."
No! for the last time stop asking if i am drunk. I am not drunk! Who would name their kid drunk?
In my experience there's two ways to get things done, the right way and the drunk way.
Booze booze the magical drink the more you drink the less you feel the less you feel the better the deal so drink booze for every meal.
What color is a Nigger after you run him over with the truck? Flat black.
What do you call 100 blacks buried up to their necks? Afroturf.
What do you call 1000 Mexicans at the bottom of the sea? A good start. 
What do you call 1000 black people at the bottom of the sea? An even better start.
I'm so old I remember when water was free and you had to pay for porn.
My girlfriend just admitted she used to be a Christian, so I broke up with her. It might seem judgemental, but I have only known her since she was Christine.
I'm Muslim. In my last stand up I bombed. CIA is after me now.
What is the difference between acne and a catholic priest? Acne usually comes on a boys face after he turns 12.
Why don't vampires go south of the border? Because every time they suck a Mexican's blood, they get the vshits for a month.
What do you call a black priest? Holy Shit.
What does the Bermuda Triangle and blondes have in common? They've both swallowed a lot of seamen.
What's alike with bikes and black people? They only start working when you put the chains on them.
Whats the difference between Amy Winehouse and a moped? A moped can make it to 30.
There's good climate in heaven, but a better company in hell.
I was an hour late for my train today, but luckily when I reached the station, it was still there... The people must have wondered, "Where the fuck is the driver?"
Why name hurricanes lame names, like Sandy? Name that shit Hurricane Death Megatron 300 and I guarantee niggas be evacuating like they need to.
What's the difference between a black guy and a dead guy. Neither of them go home to see their kids.
My son is an ungrateful little shit! I bought him a trampoline for Christmas, but he'd rather sit in his wheelchair and cry.
Dear Lord: The gods have been good to me. For the first time in my life, everything is absolutely perfect just the way it is. So here's the deal: You freeze everything the way it is, and I won't ask for anything more. If that is OK, please give me absolutely no sign. OK, deal. In gratitude, I present you this offering of cookies and milk. If you want me to eat them for you, give me no sign. Thy will be done.
Someone told me a joke about transgender surgery. Took balls to tell it.
My friends say that I'm gay because I don't like football. What a bunch of idiots. I'm gay because I like cock.
What do women and modern computers have in common? Neither one will accept a 3 and a half inch floppy.
Why do blondes wear underwear? To keep their ankles warm.
A Mexican and a nigger jump of the Empire State Building,who hits the ground first? The Mexican, because the nigger stopped and wrote "Mother Fucker" on the way down.
What do you get when a black person and a samoan have kids? Sum mo niggaz.
This is my backstory of how I discovered anal sex.
How can you tell if a novel is about a homosexual? The hero always gets his man in the end.
Why are black peoples eyes, teeth, palms, and bottoms of feet white? Because God had them assume the position before he spray painted them.
I have the body of a 25 year old supermodel, but it takes up too much space in my freezer.
Heading out for drinks, bail money's on top of the fridge.
Why doesn't a blonde talk during sex? Because her mother told her never to talk to strangers.
What's a pedophiles favorite day of the year? Halloween because they get free delivery.
One day I shall solve my problems with maturity. Today, however, it will be alcohol.
My doctor said he thought I had the body of a 25 year old. So naturally I had to kill him and bury him next to it.
Why do only 20 percent of blonde chicks lay Easter eggs? The rest are hunting peckers.
Who can make more money in a week, a drug dealer or a prostitute? The prostitute because she can wash and resell her crack.
 I'm not an alcoholic. Alcoholics need a drink, but I already have one.
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already.
Suicide: Mans way of telling God - "You can't fire me, I quit".
You don't like her? Drink more.
Give a man a fish, and you'll feed him for a day; give him a religion, and he'll starve to death while praying for a fish.
Jesus loves you, but everyone else thinks you're an asshole.
Don't forget that alcohol helps to remove the stress, the bra, the panties and many other problems.
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? A mosquito stops sucking when you smack it.
My wife asked me where I'd like to be buried? Apparently "balls deep in your sister" wasn't the answer she was expecting.
A slut is someone who'll have sex with anyone, a bitch is someone who'll have sex with anyone except you.
If a dove is the bird of peace, then is a swallow the bird of love?
I'm not Gay, but 5$ are 5$.
What do women addicted to heroin got in common with ice-hockey players? They both change clothes after three periods.
Democracy is three wolves and one sheep voting on what to have for supper.
A camel can work 10 days without drinking, I can drink 10 days without working.
What's the difference between a blonde and a computer? You only have to punch information into a computer once. 
Would you send your son to a school run by someone who insisted on being called "Headmaster?"
What do blondes do after they comb their hair? They pull up their pants.
If we're all God's children, what's so special about Jesus? This Guy is a goldmine.
Did you fall from heaven? 
No I crawled out from Hell. 
No wonder your really Hot!
What do you give the blonde that has everything? Penicillin.
Why drink and drive when you can smoke and fly.
What can tourists do on a $65 tour of gang turf in Los Angeles? Purchase a postcard, t-shirt, and some crystal meth!
What's the difference between Trump becoming president and a soldier dying in combat? The soldier knew what he signed up for.
You can consider yourself lucky in life, if the cognac you drink is older than the woman that you're sleeping with.
What's the difference between a bowling ball and a blonde? You can only fit three fingers inside a bowling ball!
What do you get when you give away free meth at a redneck zoo? Iced animal crackers!
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair? Virgin mobile.
I'm not a bad guy! I work hard, and I love my kids. So why should I spend half my Sunday hearing about how I'm going to Hell?
Jesus fed 5,000 men but Hitler made 6,000,000 jews toast.
Why do Gay men pay such high car insurance? Because they are always getting creamed from behind!
If Eve wore a fig leaf, what did Adam wear? A hole in it.
Hi, I'm a zombie, can I eat you out?
I had to stop drinking, cause I got tired of waking up in my car driving 90.
Hey baby...I can suck the chrome off a trailer hitch?
Why did God put men on the Earth? Becuase a vibrator can't mow the lawn.
My coworker who believes Jesus Christ was the immaculately conceived son of God who rose from the dead can't believe it's Monday already.
I don't like black jokes because I have one in my family tree. He's still hanging there.
How did Jesus get in such good shape? Crossfit.
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and a carpenter? A carpenter can cover up the holes he screws.
I am an agent of Satan, but my duties are largely ceremonial.
Did you hear about the guy who got killed and cut into pieces and stuffed into a zipper bag? His lips were sealed.
I couldn't join the KKK if I wanted to, my bloodline isn't pure enough. Turns out my parents weren't even related.
I found my Mrs's G spot. Turns out it was in her sister.
Why did Hitler commit suicide? He saw his gas bills.
Hitler wasn't that bad a guy, I mean he did kill Hitler.
How much semen does a gay guy have? A butt load.
I've spent the past four years looking for my ex-girlfriend's killer, but no one will do it.
Before I never used to believe when scientist talk about men evolve from apes... But then I met YOU!
Anal sex does not make one's day it makes one's hole weak
My dad used to always warn me about anal. He would say "Now son, this may hurt a bit".
See, the problem is that God gives men a brain and a penis, and only enough blood to run one at a time.
You was sent back to earth from hell becasuse the devil choked on your soul.
What do you say to a blonde with no arms and no legs? Nice tits!
Hot single grannies in your area want you to look at how tall you've gotten.
I want to do to your body what Mitt Romney does to poor people.
Why was the guitar teacher arrested? For fingering a minor.
I was going to ask my wife for anal... but fuck it.
How did they know Princess Diana didn't have dandruff? Because they found her head and shoulders in the glove box.
You're a lot like train tracks, you've gotten laid across the county.
I can't stand being in a wheelchair.
I lost my weed in a series of small fires.
After 20 years of marriage, I still get blow jobs. If my wife finds out, she'll fucking kill me.
What's the difference between a blonde and a guy? The blonde has the higher sperm count.
Why do men whistle when they're sitting on the toilet? Because it helps them remember which end they need to wipe.
What's the difference between a blonde and a washing machine? They both drip when they're fucked.
Why is 68 the maximum speed for blondes? Because at 69 they blow a rod.
My girlfriend told me she was going to get pregnant and if wouldn't do it, she was going to the sperm bank! Boy, I gave her a mouth full!
The last time someone listened to a Bush, a bunch of people wandered in the desert for 40 years!
You know why niggers are confused with monkeys? Because half of both are kept in cages.
Yo mama is so stupid, she put cat food down her pants to feed her pussy.
Why was Jesus a virgin when he died? Every time he touched a "wound" it closed.
I saw weird stuff in that place last night. Weird, strange, sick, twisted, gross, godless, evil stuff... and I want it (:
Is it a bird? Is it a plane? Whatever it is it's heading straight for the world trade centre.
What's the difference between a pile of dead bodies and a Lamborghini? I don't have a Lamborghini in my garage.
Am I getting under your skin? The only skin you'll be getting under is my ball sack.
What do gay men call hemorrhoids? Speed Bumps.
So Donald Trump walks into a bar... and lowers it.
And the Lord said unto John, "come forth and receive eternal life." 
But John came fifth and won a toaster.
You know you've got a high sperm count when she has to chew before she swallows.
I was never great with girls but I have standards... I don't date ugly girls... I make them fucking ugly...
Are you a shark, cause I got some swimmers for you to swallow.
It's better to have business with a drunk professional than a sober idiot.
It must be something in the air that is causing a lot of women to get pregnant... Their legs.
I don't mean to be forward girl but do you swallow? Ok Cool. Swallow these 7 balloons of Heroin and get on this flight to Los Angeles
A wife is like a boomerang – the harder you throw the faster she comes back.
What is the same about a blonde and a dog? They both suck dick.
Women are supposed to be like butterflies, beautiful and hard to catch. But most of you all are like mosquitos, annoying and easy to smash.
What's the difference between Amy Winehouse and Jack Daniels? Jack Daniels comes alive when you add Coke.
My gay friend got fired from the sperm bank because they caught him drinking on the job.
Yo momma's like a door handle... everybody gets a turn
My friend's girlfriend is 6 months pregnant, they asked if I wanna put my hand on the baby. Apparently, they meant from the outside.
What's the worthless piece of skin hanging off the end of a penis? A man.
Roses are red. Violets are blue. Retard shit is green.
Friend: "I think my mom hit her period last night"
Me: "Oh that's my bad I fucked your mom a little too hard."
Why was the police dog licking his own asshole? To get the taste of nigger out of his mouth.
Roses are red, so are your lips. Sit on my face and wiggle those hips.
I'm starting a new chapter of AA "Almost Alcoholics", their motto is, "Lets get sober, next week".
How do you get a nun pregnant? Dress her up as an alter boy.
It's better to be a worldwide alcoholic, than an Alcoholic Anonymous.
Teacher: "Can anyone name three Kings that brought happiness and peace to earth?"
Student: "Drin-king, smo-king, and fuc-king!"
Why are black peoples nostrils so big? Because that's what God held them by when he was painting them.
Why don't rednecks do reverse cowgirl? They never turn their back on family.
Where does a cracker meet his future wife? Family reunion.
What's the difference between sand and menstrual blood? You can't gargle sand.
What's the difference between Usain Bolt and Hitler. Usain Bolt can finish a race.
What have a gynaecologist and a pizza delivery driver got in common? They can both smell it but can't eat it.
What's the difference between Jews and a pizza? It's okay to burn a Jew!
What's a cocoon? Same as a n-nigger.
 Why can't Jesus play hockey? A: He keeps getting nailed to the boards.
Why did the referees stop the leper hockey game? There was a face-off in the corner.
What is the abbreviation of KFC: Killing Fucking Crackers?
What does a homo say to another gay going on vacation? Can I help you pack your shit?
What is a gay person's favorite desert on a hot day? Ass cream cones.
Some people prefer their women young and tender; I prefer mine ten and younger.
If God hadn't meant the pussy to be eaten, he wouldn't have made it look like a taco.
Where do you put a black Jew? In the back of the oven.
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other? My pad or yours?
I think it's a real shame that today's young people don't even know why we really celebrate Halloween. None of us would be here today if Jesus hadn't slain that giant pumpkin.
Why doesn't Jesus eat M&Ms? They fall through the holes in his hands.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang a picture...
How do you stop a nigger from drowning? You remove your boot from the back of his head.
Did you hear about the child with AIDS? it never gets old. I own an abortion clinic called "Don't Kid Yourself"
You're the cumshot that your mom wanted to swallow but your dad couldn't pull out in time.
It's amazing how one letter can change the whole meaning of a word, I once introduced myself as a racist, obviously meaning rapist.
A good bar is like a good woman - liquor in the front and poker in the back.
What did the prostitute say after fucking Jesus? Nailed it!
How do you pick up a Jewish chick. With a dust pan.
What's blue and doesn't fit? A dead epileptic.
You was sent away by the devil for unlidding raw gas out of your ass.
What do you call a Muslim who owns 6 goats? A pimp.
What does one gay say to another homo sitting at the bar? "Do you mind if I push in your stool?"
The only difference between a pedophile and a zit is a zit waits for a child to reach puberty before it comes across its face!
What is the difference between a single 40-year-old woman and a single 40-year-old man? The 40-year-old woman thinks often of having children and the man thinks often about dating them.
Why do witches not wear underwear? So they get a better grip.
Why do Scottish men wear kilts? Sheep can hear unzipping trousers from a distance of 100 yards.
A short summary of every Jewish Holiday: "They tried to kill us, we won, let's eat."
They say 1 in 3 people live next to a pedophile. Not me! I just live next to 2 smoking hot 8 year old.
What do Jesus and the square root of negative one have in common? They're both imaginary.
Please cooperate otherwise it gonna look like rape.
What did one gay sperm say to another? "How do we find an egg in all of this shit?"
I like my women the same as I like my whiskey. 20 years old and mixed up with coke!
Why did God give blondes pussys? So guys will talk to them at parties.
Why isn't necrophilia bad? I've never heard a corpse complain.
If God made anything better than pussy he kept it for himself.
I think I banged a Chinese celebrity. She kept screaming "I'm Wei Tu Yung" like I was supposed to know the name.
Rape is a terrible crime... I'll never understand how a man can traumatize a woman like that. That's why I always make sure they don't remember...
The only thing harder than midterms was my penis when I found out Bruce Jenner was switching genders.
Atheist problems: being considered strange because you don't believe in a magic man in the sky!
Hitler's orange Jews. 100% concentrated.
A woman of 35 thinks of having children. What does a man of 35 think of? Dating children.
What did the card dealer say to the table of 16 year old girls? Blackjack is just like my sex life, I always hit on 16.
Whats does giving your sister head and light beer have in common? Even though it tastes the same, you still know something is very wrong.
God makes everyone in his own image, no? Yeah, he was drunk.
How do you Circumcise a Cracker? Kick his 3-year old daughter in the jaw.
I ate a clock yesterday, it was very time-consuming.
Have you played the updated kids’ game? I Spy With My Little Eye . . . Phone.
A perfectionist walked into a bar…apparently, the bar wasn’t set high enough.
You know it is going to be a bad day when the letters in your alphabet soup spell D-I-S-A-S-T-E-R.
A fire hydrant has H-2-O on the inside and K-9-P on the outside.
Did you hear about the crook who stole a calendar? He got twelve months.
Q. What’s the difference between ignorance and apathy?
Did you hear about the semi-colon that broke the law? He was given two consecutive sentences.
Never criticize someone until you’ve walked a mile in their shoes. That way, when you criticize them, they won’t be able to hear you from that far away. Plus, you’ll…
The world tongue-twister champion just got arrested. I hear they’re gonna give him a really tough sentence.
I own the world’s worst thesaurus. Not only is it awful, it’s awful.
So what if I don’t know what “Armageddon” means? It’s not the end of the world.
Correct punctuation: the difference between a sentence that’s well-written and a sentence that’s, well, written.
What’s the difference between a good joke and a bad joke timing.
I woke up this morning and forgot which side the sun rises from, then it dawned on me.
I’ve just written a song about tortillas; actually, it’s more of a rap.
Velcro—what a rip-off!
I recently decided to sell my vacuum cleaner as all it was doing was gathering dust.
Don’t you hate it when someone answers their own questions? I do.
I hate Russian dolls, they’re so full of themselves.
250 lbs here on Earth is 94.5 lbs on Mercury. No, I’m not fat. I’m just not on the right planet.
The best thing about good old days is that we were neither good nor old.
I have clean conscience. I haven’t used it once until now.
If we shouldn’t eat at night, why do they put a light in the fridge?
Do I lose when the police officer says papers and I say scissors?
If I got 50 cents for every failed math exam, I’d have $ 6.30 now.
A pig stands in front of an electric socket: “Oh no, who put you into that wall?!”
Meanwhile, in a parallel universe: “Oh for God’s sake! Where are all these extra single socks coming from?!”
Moses had the first tablet that could connect to the cloud.
“Um.” —First horse that got ridden
A lot of people cry when they cut onions. The trick is not to form an emotional bond.
I wrote a song about a tortilla. Well actually, it’s more of a wrap.
Some people just have a way with words, and other people … oh … not have way.
The four most beautiful words in our common language: I told you so.
All pro athletes are bilingual. They speak English and profanity.
I don’t want to brag, but I do speak pig Latin; I mean, I’m not fluent, but I’m sure if I ever went there, I could get by. Bonnie McFarlane
I bought one of those tapes to teach you Spanish in your sleep. During the night, the tape skipped. Now I can only stutter in Spanish.
My girlfriend and I often laugh about how competitive we are.
When I was growing up, my mother’s best dish was store-bought Entenmann’s chocolate chip cookies.
“Next time I send a damn fool, I go myself.”
Probably the worst thing you can hear when you’re wearing a bikini is “Good for you!”
When I lost my rifle, the Army charged me $85. That’s why in the Navy, the captain goes down with the ship.
A conference call is the best way for a dozen people to say “bye” 300 times.
The Revenant (2015). An epic tale of one man’s desperate journey to do whatever it takes to finally win an Oscar.
Luke Skywalker is my favorite hero that looks 100 percent prepared to figure skate at all times.
If growing up in the ’80s taught me one thing, it’s that my friends and I should have found a treasure map by now.
Watch The Walking Dead with someone who’s super into it so every time a zombie appears, you can pull the old, “Wait, who’s this, now?”
Every Scooby-Doo episode would literally be two minutes long if the gang went to the mask store first and asked a few questions.
Drama: a word boring people use to describe fun people.
“If you lived here, you’d be om by now.”
1. Nice shirt.
No, I’m not walking on string-cheese stilts. These are just my first bare legs of the season.
Red sky at night, shepherd’s delight. Blue sky at night, day.
One of my friends is pregnant. And I’m really excited. Not for the baby but because she’s one of my skinniest friends.
We can teach kids there’s no i in team, but it’s way more important to teach them that there’s no a in definitely.
This may be the wine talking, but I really, really, really, really love wine.
The closest a person ever comes to perfection is when he fills out a job application form.
Please stop calling us your “squad,” Linda; this is book club.
I once gave my husband the silent treatment for an entire week, at the end of which he declared, “Hey, we’re getting along pretty great lately!” Bonnie McFarlane, from You’re…
Hallmark: “When you care enough to give a card mass-produced by a corporation.” Ritz crackers: “Tiny, edible plates.” CliffsNotes: “They’re still going to know you didn’t read the book.” Gillette:…
Don’t get upset if I ask you where something is in Target when you choose to wear a red shirt and khakis to shop.
I think it’s pretty cool how the Chinese made a language entirely out of tattoos.
I’m trying to get into classical music, but I can’t find any original recordings. All the music is performed by cover bands.
Instagram is just Twitter for people who go outside.
There is nothing more awkward than the moment you realize you’re getting a double-cheek kiss.
Been reading up on the thesaurus lately because a mind is a terrible thing to garbage.
If people say they just love the smell of books, I always want to pull them aside and ask, To be clear, do you know how reading works? 
We get it, poets: Things are like other things.
Yeah, I’d probably freak out too if a raven flew into my house. That poem still holds up.
I’m writing my book in fifth person, so every sentence starts out with: “I heard from this guy who told somebody …”
How many blondes does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Need to know ASAP.
You’ll never be as lazy as whoever named the fireplace.
To avoid taking down my Christmas lights, I’m turning my house into an Italian restaurant.
A Canadian psychologist is selling a video that teaches you how to test your dog’s IQ. Here’s how it works: If you spend $12.99 for the video, your dog is…
We’ve begun to long for the pitter-patter of little feet, so we bought a dog. It’s cheaper, and you get more feet.
Just realized a pregnant dog is a dog full of puppies. That’s the best.
Velcro—what a rip-off!
Why do dogs always race to the door when the doorbell rings? It’s hardly ever for them.
I spend three minutes every day choosing a TV channel to leave on for my dog. Then I go to work, and people take me seriously as an adult.
The Complete Law and Order boxed set is now available for only $300. The perfect gift for someone unaware of the existence of USA Network.
My greatest acting performance is when I check the caller ID, then adopt an air of polite curiosity as I answer the phone “Hello?”
Sick of having to go to two different huts to buy pizza and sunglasses.
The closest I’ve been to a diet this year is erasing food searches from my browser history.
If you think eggplant is good, you should try any other food; it’s much better.
Triscuit is the perfect combination of cracker and doormat.
Clif Bars answer the question “What if it wasn’t frowned upon to eat an entire sleeve of mushed-up oatmeal cookies before noon?”
Bifocals are God’s way of saying, “Keep your chin up.”
Hate to break it to you, Facebook, but the entire Internet is already a Dislike button.
My friends tell me that cooking is easy, but it’s not easier than not cooking.
How can you ever be late for anything in London? They have a huge clock right in the middle of the town.
I think a lot of the conflict that happened in the Wild West could’ve been avoided had architects in those days just made their towns big enough for everyone. Seen…
I’d rather spend ten minutes rearranging the dishwasher to accommodate something than spend 30 seconds washing it by hand.
Here’s some advice: At a job interview, tell them you’re willing to give 110 percent. Unless the job is a statistician.
I put so much more effort into naming my first Wi-Fi than my first child.
So what if I can’t spell Armageddon? It’s not the end of the world.
“Pickup artists” and “garbagemen” should switch names.
We need a 12-step group for compulsive talkers. They could call it On Anon Anon.
Whoever named it necking is a poor judge of anatomy.
General Mills is coming out with an organic Twinkie. Isn’t that called a sponge?
Fifth Third Bank? I don’t think you understand how to number things, which is something I generally look for in a bank.
Does it disturb anyone else that “The Los Angeles Angels” baseball team translates directly to “The The Angels Angels”?
I don’t know that there are real ghosts and goblins, but there are always more trick-or-treaters than neighborhood kids.
I dressed my dog up as a cat for Halloween. Now he won’t come when I call him.
Halloween is the beginning of the holiday shopping season. That’s for women. The beginning of the holiday shopping season for men is Christmas Eve.
My parents didn’t want to move to Florida, but they turned 60 and that’s the law.
A sign said, “Do not allow your dog to chase, injure, or worry wildlife.” How is a dog going to “worry” wildlife? Run up to a bird: “Hey, I think…
“Just because you can’t dance doesn’t mean you shouldn’t dance.” —Alcohol
My girlfriend told me to take a spider out instead of killing it. We went and had some drinks. Cool guy. Wants to be a lawyer.
“Don’t worry; I’ll hold your stuff. You just worry about making friends.” - Cargo Shorts
My cat just walked up to the paper shredder and said, “Teach me everything you know.”
Coffee tastes better if the latrines are dug downstream from an encampment.
The biggest change after having kids was putting a swear jar in the house. Whenever I say a bad word, I have to put a dollar in the jar, and…
I wonder if Superman ever put glasses on Lois Lane’s dog and she was like, “I’ve never seen this dog before. Is this a new dog?”
What do you mean, I didn’t win? I ate more wet T-shirts than anyone else.
Just found the worst page in the entire dictionary. What I saw was disgraceful, disgusting, dishonest, and disingenuous.
I walked up to a tourist information booth and asked them to tell me about a couple of people who were here last year.
We use a really strong sunblock when we go to the beach with the kids. It’s SPF 80: You squeeze the tube, and a sweater comes out.
There’s no “I” in denial.
I admit that I live in the past, but only because housing is so much cheaper.
Velcro—what a rip-off!
Nostalgia: How long’s that been around?
Why is there so much pressure to spend Independence Day with other people?
If con is the opposite of pro, then isn’t Congress the opposite of progress?
What are they planting to grow the seedless watermelon?
At what age do you think it’s appropriate to tell a highway it’s adopted?
What should you do when you see an endangered animal eating an endangered plant?
My neighbor is in the Guinness World Records. He has had 44 concussions. He lives very close to me. A stone’s throw away, in fact.
I told my girlfriend that it looked like she was drawing her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised.
Any time a person with a journalism degree writes a story about a celebrity getting bangs, Walter Cronkite punches an angel.
My favorite game  is “Professional Dog Walker or Crazy Person?”
A hotel minibar allows you to see into the future and find out what a can of Pepsi will cost in 2020.
There’s nothing simpler than avoiding people you don’t like. Avoiding one’s friends, that’s the real test.
Try an internship! Internships give you all the experience of a summer job without the hassle of a paycheck.
Being a lifeguard is a weird summer job for a kid. Ninety-nine percent of the time, sit and do nothing. One percent of the time, SAVE SOMEONE’S LIFE. Jake Weisman…
This summer, I’m going to go to the beach and bury metal objects that say “Get a life” on them.
I got my first full-time job, but I could have sworn I was making more money in college, working for my parents as their daughter.
• There was an old woman who lived in a shoe. She got her own TLC show. The end. —Ryan Anderson (
Sometimes I think war is God’s way of teaching us geography.
MapQuest really needs to start its directions on number five. Pretty sure I know how to get out of my neighborhood.
After finishing our Chinese food, my husband and I cracked open our fortune cookies. Mine read, “Be quiet for a little while.” His read, “Talk while you have a chance.”…
The Laugh Factory in Los Angeles invited comedians from around the globe to join its Funniest Person in the World Contest. Here are some finalists: • In Paris, I am…
I work out religiously—Christmas and Easter.
• If an anonymous comment goes unread, is it still irritating? • What is the sound of no hands texting? • If nobody likes your selfie, what is the value…
Sometimes I like to sit my dog down for a performance review, just to remind him who’s boss.
The Pentagon announced that its fight against ISIS will be called Operation Inherent Resolve. They came up with that name using Operation Random Thesaurus.
I’m at the age where I can’t take anything with a grain of salt.
Febreze air fresheners: for people who are like, “Cover a smell instead of cleaning it? Yes, I’m OK with that.”
My kitchen floor is sticky, and I had to do something about it. So finally I went out and bought some slippers.
Oh man, just did some serious cleaning in here. You could totally eat off this table.
Some people just have a way with words, and other people … oh … not have way.
I used to date a hoarder, and she broke up with me. That stings extra hard—I’m like the one thing she can get rid of.
Stoop sale this Sunday, 12 to 4 p.m. Throwing all my crap in the garbage this Sunday, 4:15 p.m.
Every novel is a mystery novel if you never finish it.
The star of Cake Boss was arrested for DWI. Police interrogated him for 30 minutes at 350 degrees.
I can still remember a time when I knew more than my phone.
The latest parenting fads, according to the Onion: • Couples are waiting to announce their pregnancy until after their child has graduated college and become a partner in a successful…
The cool part about naming your kid is you don’t have to add six numbers to make sure the name is available.
I got my hair highlighted because I thought some strands were more important than others.
The head of the TSA resigned after about four years on the job. Here’s how much of America heard the news. “[John Pistole retired today.] His employees toasted him with…
I feel like I would enjoy getting out of bed more if I had to do it only three times a week. This every-day thing is overkill.
• Never try to tell everything you know. It may take too short a time. —Norman Ford • Never trust a man when he’s in love, drunk, or running for…
A farmer counted 196 cows in the field. But when he rounded them up, he had 200.
You know you’re getting old when Santa starts looking younger.
One Christmas, my grandfather gave me a box of broken glass. He gave my brother a box of Band-Aids and said, “You two share.”
Christmas is a baby shower that went totally overboard.
The holiday season:a deeply religious time that each of us observes, in his own way, by going to the  mall of his choice.
I once bought my kid a set of batteries for Christmas with a note on it saying “Toys not included.”
This mall Santa seems insulted that I put down that protective paper before sitting on his lap.
Professionals at the staffing agency Robert Half International have seen a lot of peculiar résumés. Here are some favorite gaffes, followed by wisecracks from the pros: • Education: “I have…
The office Christmas party is a great opportunity to catch up with people you haven’t seen for 20 minutes.
You’re sending me something via fax? What is it, an important document from 1993?
Humankind has a perfect record in aviation; we never left one up there.
None of my grandsons share my corny sense of humor. When the family is eating lasagna, I say, “Lean over your plate, boys. You’ll get less-on-ya.” I say to the…
Can’t believe the National Spelling Bee ended in a tye.
The Olympics remind us that no matter what country we may be from, we all look dumb using an iPad as a camera.
What if the whole ice-bucket challenge is just a long game to bring down the Wicked Witch of the West?
Boy, what a bad guy that guy is, that Vladimir Putin. Obama is really getting tough with him. Now he’s wearing a much more aggressive shade of beige. David Letterman
Dollar Tree bought Family Dollar for about $8 billion. It would have been $10 billion, but Family Dollar was dented.
The one thing I’ve learned from the World Cup is that Europe still hasn’t mastered the haircut.
Throw him into the mainstream.
I wonder if Halloween is the one day of the year Lady Gaga wears sensible slacks.
… I was in a coma for two years, until a nurse played one of his songs on the radio in my room, and I had to wake up to…
My biggest problem with time travel is: How many days would you pack for?
The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades.
My parents used to stuff me with candy when I was a kid. M&M’s, Jujubes, SweeTarts. I don’t think they wanted a child; I think they wanted a piñata. Wendy…
I’m on the Paleo diet, except I’m the caveman who discovered Snickers.
I used to love the candy Nerds, but I stopped eating them when I realized that for me, it was basically cannibalism.
“Pretend to be someone you’re not, and receive candy.” Quick: Halloween or Valentine’s Day?
People always ask kids the same stupid questions. “What are you supposed to be?” I’m supposed to be done by now. You wanna move it along with the 3 Musketeers?…
When it comes to candy bars, the term fun-sized is misleading. There is nothing fun about your candy bar being ⅛ the size of a regular bar. You should call…
“I have a beard.” —a bald-faced liar
Some people just have a way with words, and other people … oh … not have way.
When the comments turn from “Hey! I really like your beard!” into “Hey! … A beard!”
Some guy’s looking at this old picture of me with no beard. Then he looks at me and goes, “You grow a beard?” No, I shave my photos. Sean Morey
While you’re honoring Movember by not shaving for prostate cancer awareness, I’ll be celebrating Doughvember, the pizza month I made up.
I won’t be shaving this November, in order to raise awareness for how lazy I am.
Right now, I’m at work, using the Internet. But in my mind, I’m already at home, using the Internet.
“Never fly in the same cockpit with someone braver than you.” “The only time you have too much fuel is when you’re on fire.” “Weather forecasts are horoscopes with numbers.”…
Richard Branson has announced plans to develop a new type of plane that can fly from New York to Tokyo in one hour. Apparently, the engines are powered by human…
I shave each morning in front of my car’s passenger-side mirror. That way, I get a closer shave than it actually appears.
After 12 years of therapy, my psychiatrist said something that brought tears to my eyes. He said, “No hablo Inglés.”
In Heaven, you get back all the Chapsticks you lost.
Did you know a bird is the only animal that you can throw and you’d be helping it?
One hard thing to explain to teens is how legitimately exciting it used to be when someone would wheel in an overhead projector.
When I trace a turkey, it comes out looking exactly like my hand.
If you’ve seen me impatiently standing in line, then you’ve seen me dancing at a concert.
If a company’s most valuable resource is its people, how come the employees aren’t locked up, but the toilet paper is in a reinforced steel box with a lock, bolted…
I’m convinced my cockroaches have military training. I set out a roach bomb—they defused it.
A watched pot never boils, but it does get paranoid.
Lesley Wake
If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in a library?
Lily Tomlin
If you can’t beat them, arrange to have them beaten.
George Carlin
Where there’s a will, there’s a relative.
Ricky Gervais
A penny saved is a penny that will sit around in a jar for five years.
Can a 3-D printer make ink cartridges for a 2-D printer?
Comedian Joe Mande
I told the kids I never want to live in a vegetative state, dependent on some machine and fluids from a bottle. So they unplugged my computer and threw out…
Happy One-year anniversary to the Lean Cuisine in my freezer!
Karate: the ancient Japanese art of getting people to buy lots of belts.
Comedian Myq Kaplan
I never feel more privileged than when I get angry about a website design.
Before LinkedIn, I didn’t know any strangers.
I wish people were like Internet videos and you could tap them lightly to see a clock of how much longer they’re going to be talking.
I bet cats have a secret website where they upload clips of cute humans trying to open DVD packaging and jump-start cars.
Drama: a word boring people use to describe fun people.
I used to find buying books from Amazon slow and inconvenient, until one day the receptionist suggested I use their website.
The only people who don’t click Skip on ads before YouTube videos are people who died during that ad.
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment.
I’m thinking of opening a firing range where all the targets are shaped like computers with screens full of pop-up ads.
“Ohhh, bless you … Bless you … Riiiight. Because you’re special air.”     —A burp to a sneeze
The only qualification for working at an airline is making a confused face at a monitor.
Give a man a fish, and he’ll Instagram it; teach a man to fish, and he’ll still Instagram it.
plagiarism.
I spent four years in college. I didn’t learn a thing. It was really my own fault. I had a double major in psychology and reverse psychology. B. J. Novak,…
If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one?
If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn’t sit for a month.
Give me a one-handed economist! All my economists say, “On the one hand …on the other.”
I have left orders to be awakened at any time in case of a national emergency—even if I’m in a Cabinet meeting.
Being president is like running a cemetery: You’ve got a lot of people under you, and nobody’s listening.
I don’t think George Clooney has a bathroom mirror, just a note taped to the wall that says “Don’t worry about it.”
Haircuts are great because I did none of the work but get all the credit.
People always ask me how long it takes to do my hair. I don’t know. I’m never there.
One time, a guy handed me a picture and said, “Here’s a picture of me when I was younger.” Every picture of you is when you were younger. Comedian Mitch…
A man won an $8,000 settlement from Disneyland after he got stuck on the It’s a Small World ride. He said he’ll use the money to cut out the part…
It was so hot in Beverly Hills, people were frying egg whites on the sidewalk.
Hold, Brothers, Hold … CHARGE!!! (Ice at the bottom of my cup)
“Dad?” —Zebra looking at a piano
Father’s Day is important because, besides being the day on which we honor Dad, it’s the one day of the year that Brookstone does any business.
I gave my father $100 and said, “Buy yourself something that will make your life easier.” So he went out and bought a present for my mother.
I got all my looks from my father. Mostly just the look of disappointment.
If you’re the sole survivor of the Apocalypse, go to your gym. There’ll be somebody at the locker right next to yours.
I never feel more alone than when I’m trying to put sunscreen on my back.
Cats are smarter than dogs. You can’t get eight cats to pull a sled through snow.
I tell ya, my dog is lazy. He don’t chase cars. He sits on the curb and takes down license plate numbers.
My dog was my soul mate; we both took naps, we both skipped lunch, we both hated the vacuum…
I put my root beer in a square glass. Now it’s just beer.
Old mathematicians never die; they just lose some of their functions.
Electricity is really just organized lightning.
It’s been raining so much in Los Angeles that the Chia Pet I threw in the garbage is now blocking my entire driveway.
“There must be a mistake: you’ve accidentally given me the food my food eats.” —Ron Swanson, when given a plate of vegetables 
T NOW! What do we want? MORE TIME-TRAVEL JOKES! When do we want them? RIGH
I hide photos on my computer of me petting animals at the zoo in a file named Fireworks and vacuums so my dog won’t find them.
Swimming is a confusing sport, because sometimes you do it for fun, and other times you do it to not die.
Every time I say that I’m ready to order in a restaurant, what I really mean is that I’m not ready but the panic will help me make a decision….
I don’t want to say we eat out a lot, but I’ve noticed that lately when I call my kids for dinner, they run to the car. —Julie Kidd
“You can’t have your cake and eat it too.”—People who don’t understand what cake is for.
Guess what, tapas: You’re the exact Venn diagram midpoint of my two least favorite things in the world: small portions and sharing with anybody.
Drama: a word boring people use to describe fun people.
Why is there an expiration date on sour cream?
I went to a restaurant that serves “breakfast at any time,” so I ordered French toast during the Renaissance.
On the subway, untangling earbuds is the new knitting. The woman across from me could have finished a cardigan by now.
The key to eating healthy is not eating any food that has a TV commercial.
Next time somebody complains about millennials, remind him which generation linoleumed over all those beautiful hardwood floors.
I’d like to have a kid, but I’m not sure I’m ready to spend ten years of my life constantly asking someone where his shoes are.
Lady Gaga is now saying that sometime in 2015 she will actually perform a concert from space. It’s always so much fun when artists do a show in their hometown….
How classical maestros also used their batons to stab each other in the back: •“If he had been making shell casings during the war, it might have made for better…
What does it mean if a black squirrel crosses your path? Will I have adorably bad luck?
If 13 is unlucky, then 12 and 14 are guilty by association.
Find a penny, pick it up, all day long you’ll have nothing but a gross penny you found in some filthy parking lot.
Today is Thursday the 13th, which means it’s bad luck to deal with Australians.
For every set of horseshoes human beings use for luck, somewhere in this world there’s a barefoot horse.
Research has found that because it makes you think positive thoughts, throwing salt over your shoulder can actually prevent bad luck. Or at least give you better luck than the…
Where are all the Sour Patch parents?
“You’ve had three hairstyles. What’s next for your career?”
As soon as the hospital made me put on one of those little gowns, I knew the end was in sight.
I ate a gluten-free, lactose-free, low-carb pizza for dinner tonight. (It was a raw tomato.)
My wife says I’m unsophisticated and uncultured, so to prove her wrong, guess where I’m taking her. Hint: It starts with “B” and rhymes with “wallet.” Brad Hamer, on ruminate.com
I saw a documentary on how ships are kept together; It was riveting.
When I was a child my father attacked me with cameras; I still have flashbacks.
It’s weird that NFL players don’t constantly look at their phones to check their stats.
I prefer the tight yoga pants football players wear over the frumpy businesswoman slacks baseball players wear.
Anyone who thinks women talk too much has never sat through a six-hour Super Bowl pregame show.
My dad didn’t text me after the Patriots game, which is basically a Life Alert signal if you’re from New England.
The rules of football and the plot of The Godfather are the two most complicated things that every guy understands no matter how dumb he is.
Anyone who’s just driven 90 yards against huge men trying to kill them has earned the right to do jazz hands.
There are only two types of computers in the world: those that waste your precious time and those that waste your precious time faster.
I’d like the window that says “Are you sure you want to do this? OK/Cancel” to pop up less often on my computer and more in my real life. —
There is nothing more awkward than the moment you realize you’re getting a double-cheek kiss.
“One can play at this game …” —me to my computer solitaire.
My dog licked the crumbs out of my computer keyboard and earned an online college degree.
Taking pictures with an iPad is the new fanny pack.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kickboxing.
Whoever said not to cry over spilled milk has obviously never had to pump before.
I just set my e-mail’s auto-response to ‘I’m looking into this now. I’ll let you know.’ I literally never have to respond to e-mails again.
It’s important to have a good vocabulary. If I had known the difference between the words antidote and anecdote, one of my good friends would still be living. —Comedian John…
I have a fear of speed bumps, but I’m slowly getting over it.
Sick of having to go to two different huts to buy pizza and sunglasses.
“The New York City Department of Education says that only 26 percent of the city’s students in grades three through eight passed the English portion on a recent standardized test….
If men have a smell, it’s usually an accident.
Just when I discovered the meaning of life, they changed it.
It’s not that I’m afraid to die. I just don’t want to be there when it happens.
It’s a small world, but I wouldn’t want to paint it.
If you stop eating doughnuts you will live three years longer, but it’s just three more years that you’ll want a doughnut.
If our Founding Fathers wanted us to care about the rest of the world, they wouldn’t have declared their independence from it.
If God wanted us to fly, he would have given us tickets.
I’m reading a great book about antigravity—I just can’t put it down.
I’m against picketing, but I don’t know how to show it.
I was reading the dictionary. I thought it was a poem about everything.
I think one reason babies cry on planes is because flying sucks, and babies aren’t liars like you and me.
I think I am, therefore, I am. I think.
I saw this wino, he was eating grapes. I was like, “Dude, you have to wait.”
I never use a napkin on my lap at a restaurant … because I believe in myself.
I never forget a face—but in your case, I’ll be glad to make an exception.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
I haven’t slept for ten days, because that would be too long.
I bought some batteries, but they weren’t included.
I always wanted to be somebody, but I guess I should’ve been more specific.
Here’s something to think about: How come you never see a headline like “Psychic Wins Lottery”?
A bookstore is one of the only pieces of evidence we have that people are still thinking.
Give me golf clubs, fresh air, and a beautiful partner, and you can keep the clubs and the fresh air.
Equations are the devil’s sentences.
Don’t sweat the petty things, and don’t pet the sweaty things.
Clones are people two.
At what age do you think it’s appropriate to tell a highway it’s adopted?
Anyone who’s just driven 90 yards against huge men trying to kill them has earned the right to do Jazz hands.
An aye for an aye makes the whole world pirates.
A kiss is like a fight, with mouths.
A Freudian slip is when you say one thing but mean your mother.
A feminist jumps out of a manhole … oh, and she didn’t like that.
I always wanted to be somebody, but I guess I should’ve been more specific.
There is nothing more awkward than the moment you realize you’re getting a double-cheek kiss.
You’ve never been lost until you’ve been lost at Mach 3. 
Some sad news from Australia … the inventor of the boomerang grenade died today.
People say that money is not the key to happiness, but I always figured if you have enough money, you can have a key made.
If you want to look young and thin, hang around old, fat people.
Marriage is really tough because you have to deal with feelings … and lawyers.
Never use a big word when a little filthy one will do.
I set out to play golf with the intention of shooting my age, but I shot my weight instead.
I know I want to have children while my parents are still young enough to take care of them.
Human beings are the only creatures on earth that allow their children to come back home.
I always have trouble remembering three things: faces, names, and—I can’t remember what the third thing is.
Ever notice that anyone going slower than you is an idiot, but anyone going faster is a maniac?
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
Any kid’ll run an errand for you if you ask at bedtime.
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.
You don’t pay taxes—they take taxes.
Whoever said “It’s not whether you win or lose that counts” probably lost.
When they said to you at graduation “follow your dreams,” did anybody say you had to wake up first?
When in doubt, look intelligent.
They say such nice things about people at their funerals that it makes me sad to realize that I’m going to miss mine by just a few days.
There is no sunrise so beautiful that it is worth waking me up to see it.
The only time to eat diet food is while you’re waiting for steak to cook.
The Internet is just a world passing notes around a classroom.
America is the only place where people go hunting on a full stomach.
Adults are always asking children what they want to be when they grow up because they’re looking for ideas.
A synonym is a word you use when you can’t spell the first word you thought of.
A stopped clock is correct twice a day, but a sundial can be used to stab someone, even at nighttime.
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman’s birthday but never remembers her age.
Stress cannot exist in the presence of pie.
Something very sad about the fact that I haven’t read Moby Dick, but I have read the Kindergarten Cop Wikipedia page.
My greatest acting performance is when I check the caller ID, then adopt an air of polite curiosity as I answer the phone “Hello?”
Never eat more than you can lift.
Maybe fear is God’s way of saying, “Pay attention, this could be fun.”
I say if you love something, set it in a small cage and pester and smother it with love until it either loves you back or dies.
I really don’t think I need buns of steel. I’d be happy with buns of cinnamon.
Generally speaking, I think it is fair to say that I am a friend to the creatures of the earth when I am not busy eating them or wearing them….
Forgive your enemies—if you can’t get back at them any other way.
For fast-acting relief, try slowing down.
Fatherhood is great because you can ruin someone from scratch.
Country music has always been the best shrink that 15 bucks can buy.
As my mom has said, when one person is unhappy, it usually means two people are unhappy but that one has not come to terms with it yet.
Another old saying is that revenge is a dish best served cold. But it feels best served piping hot, straight out of the oven of outrage.
I found out that the only reason my dad is a Democrat is because the Democratic club he went to had free unlimited beer.
When my wife gets a little upset, sometimes a simple “Calm down” in a soothing voice is all it takes to get her a lot upset. 
I don’t think cops should wear mirrored sunglasses. The whole time the guy was chewing me out, all I could think was, I should cut my bangs. 
I realized my little nephew will never know life without Facebook. He’ll never know what it’s like to go, “I wonder what happened to that guy Chris from high school?”…
So there was this dyslexic guy who walked into a bra.
A man walks into a bar with a chunk of asphalt under one arm. The man says, “Beer, please, and one for the road.”
All I want is for people to be as excited to see me as they are when finding a curly fry amongst their regular ones. —
I think my parents have become ghost hunters, because every room they go in they think is cold. 
Here are intentionally bad first lines from nonexistent novels, courtesy of the annual Lyttle Lytton Contest: “Agent Jeffrey’s trained eyes rolled carefully around the room, taking in the sights and…
Did you ever notice that from the time you hang up the phone until the pizza guy shows up, the only conversation you have is “Where’s the guy with our…
Just want to thank my mail carrier for delivering my recycling directly to my house.
Some of my proudest moments have been when a website told me my password was “Very Strong.”
We’re never satisfied when it comes to food. “You know what’d be good on this burger? A ham sandwich.”
Stephen Colbert to students at the University of Virginia: “Your generation needs everything to be about you, and that’s very upsetting to us baby boomers because self-absorption is sort of…
Old lawyers never die; they just lose their appeal.
Old daredevils never die; they just get discouraged.
Old accountants never die; they just lose their balance.
I don’t want to die doing something I love. I want to die doing something I hate. That way I don’t have to finish it. —Tim Siedell (
Even though I’m from Boston, I feel right at home in the South. You see, Boston is also full of people with thick accents who hate the Yankees. —Conan O’Brien
“I need to talk to you” is the one sentence that has the power to make you remember every bad thing you’ve ever done in your life. —Aaron Karo, on…
Nobody wants a pain reliever that’s anything less than extra-strength: “Give me the maximum-allowable dosage. Figure out what will kill me, and then back it off a little bit.”
A study in the Washington Post says that women have better verbal skills than men, and I just want to say to the authors of that study: Duh.
Always be nice to your children because they are the ones who will choose your rest home.
Don’t let a man put anything over on you except an umbrella.
My doctor told me that jogging could add years to my life. He was right—I feel ten years older already.
The trouble with unemployment is that the minute you wake up in the morning you’re on the job.
Tragedy is when I cut my finger, but comedy is when you fall into an open sewer and die.
Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
Life, in my estimation, is a biological misadventure that we terminate on the shoulders of six strange men whose only objective is to make a hole in one with you.
I’d rather have a full bottle in front of me than a full frontal lobotomy.
I can’t understand why a person will take a year to write a novel when he can easily buy one for a few dollars.
My greatest acting performance is when I check the caller ID, then adopt an air of polite curiosity as I answer the phone “Hello?”
I always have trouble remembering three things: faces, names, and—I can’t remember what the third thing is.
My kids always perceived the bathroom as a place where you wait it out until all the groceries are unloaded from the car.
If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to.
Money cannot buy health, but I’d settle for a diamond-studded wheelchair.
I never forget a face, but in your case I’ll be glad to make an exception.
I don’t want to achieve immortality through my work…I want to achieve it through not dying.
Give me golf clubs, fresh air and a beautiful partner, and you can keep the clubs and the fresh air.
I don’t deserve this award, but I have arthritis and I don’t deserve that either.
Actually, it only takes one drink to get me loaded, but the trouble is I can’t remember if it’s the thirteenth or fourteenth.
A good sermon should have a good beginning and a good ending, and they should be as close together as possible.
A woman drove me to drink—and I hadn’t even the courtesy to thank her.
I set out to play golf with the intention of shooting my age, but I shot my weight instead.
I take my wife everywhere, but she keeps finding her way back.
“I was playing chess with my friend, and he said, ‘Let’s make this more interesting.’  So we stopped playing chess.”
I want to have a kid the way other people want to own stock in Google: I don’t want to be responsible for it; I just want to go to…
I was diagnosed with antisocial behavior disorder, so I joined a support group. We never meet.
Getting back together with an old boyfriend is pathetic. It’s like having a garage sale and buying your own stuff back.
If the customer is always right, then why isn’t everything free?
I wouldn’t want to fly Virgin. Who’d want to fly an airline that doesn’t go all the way?
I’m coming out with a condensed phone book. It has only one number in it: 411.
Ruminations.com asks its users to reflect upon everyday life. Here are three observations everyone can relate to: Forgetting an e-mail attachment is the 21st-century version of licking an envelope shut…
When someone tells you that something defies description, you can be pretty sure he’s going to have a go at it anyway.
The Bulwer-Lytton Fiction Contest celebrates purposely awful opening sentences to imaginary novels. Here are the “best” from the past year. As Holmes, who had a nose for danger, quietly fingered…
"I’ve just been on a once-in-a-lifetime holiday. I’ll tell you what—never again.”
Never trust a man with a tassel on his loafer. It’s like, What, did your foot just graduate?
I have a bad attitude. When I was a kid, I wore Lex Luthor underwear.
“What’s the difference between an optimist and a pessimist?” I asked my husband. He thought for a minute before responding, “An optimist is the guy who created the airplane. A…
My parents sent me to military school in Switzerland. There they taught me how to be neutral.
I often wonder about people who live in tropical destinations. What do their screen savers look like?
We need a 12-step group for compulsive talkers. They could call it On Anon Anon.
If the people who make motivational posters are so motivated, why are they still working in a poster factory?
Always weird to meet your stunt double. It’s like looking into a mirror where the other you took care of yourself.
I don’t know how to speed-read. Instead, I listen to Books on Tape on fast-forward.
You know you’re dating the wrong guy when your friend steals your boyfriend and all you can think is, What does she see in him?
Just between you and me, I think "everything" bagels are making a lot of promises they can’t keep.
The unsaid part of "This is fascinating!" is "to me."
The nice thing about meditation is that it makes doing nothing quite respectable.
My mother asked me to hand out invitations for my brother’s surprise birthday party. That’s when I realized he was her favorite twin.
I quit my job at the helium gas factory. I refuse to be spoken to in that tone. 
 A sign outside a nursery: "It’s spring! We’re so excited, we wet our plants!"
Overheard in a ladies’ fitting room: “Honestly, do these pants make my rear end look big?”
My father is allergic to cotton. He has pills that he can take, but he can’t get them out of the bottle.
My girlfriend likes to role-play. For the past five years, she’s been playing my ex-girlfriend.
I think the Discovery Channel should be on a different channel every day.
I got mugged by a magician. It’s not funny: He took my wallet, my watch, and every silver dollar I had behind my ear.
Why was the opera singer arrested? He got into treble.
My friend is a procrastinator. He’s afraid of Saturday the 14th. 
Marry an orphan: You’ll never have to spend boring holidays with the in-laws.  
We should have a way of telling people they have bad breath without hurting their feelings: “Well, I’m bored. Let’s go brush our teeth.” Or, “I’ve got to make a…
In honor of British humorist P. G. Wodehouse’s 128th birthday, a few choice quips from his books: "He looked as if he had been poured into his clothes and had…
I dressed my dog up as a cat for Halloween. Now he won’t come when I call him.
A survey sent out to our contractors posed the question "What motivates you to come to work every day?" One guy answered, "Probation officer."
Employee of the Month is a good example of when a person can be a winner and a loser at the same time.
Apéritif: French for "a set of dentures."
The meek shall inherit the earth … if it’s okay with the rest of you.
Our hometown baseball team is called the Possums. They get killed on the road.
Ever wonder who the genius is who decided to put fire hydrants in all the good parking spots?
During a recent meeting of our Optimist Club, we challenged one another to come up with an inspirational sentence using the word countenance. This was the winning entry: "I put…
A passing septic service truck declared "19,500 lbs. of very gross weight."
Did you hear about the dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac? He stayed up all night trying to decide if there really was a dog! 
Q. What did the Zero say to the Eight?
If you arrest a mime, do you still have to tell him he has the right to remain silent? 
If athletes get athlete’s foot, do astronauts get mistletoe?
Did you hear about the self-help group for compulsive talkers? It’s called On & On Anon. 
Why did the cowboy buy a dachshund? 
What do you call a rap star who has studied classical music? 
Did you ever notice: When you put the two words "The" and "IRS" together, they spell "THEIRS"?
What do you get from a pampered cow?…Spoiled milk.
What do fish say when they hit a concrete wall?…Dam!
Seen on the door of a repair shop:
We need a 12-step group for compulsive talkers. They could call it On Anon Anon.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn’t work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. “Yes” is the answer.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it’s still on the list.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
If I agreed with you we’d both be wrong.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don’t have a good partner, you’d better have a good hand.
War does not determine who is right – only who is left.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
Going to church doesn’t make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Children: You spend the first 2 years of their life teaching them to walk and talk. Then you spend the next 16 years telling them to sit down and shut-up.
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
Evening news is where they begin with ‘Good evening’, and then proceed to tell you why it isn’t.
Don’t miss: This video is depressing, but reminds us that Facebook statuses can be lies
If sex is a pain in the ass, then you’re doing it wrong…
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station..
If you think nobody cares if you’re alive, try missing a couple of payments.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea… does that mean that one enjoys it?
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
Some people are like Slinkies … not really good for anything, but you can’t help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
Did you know that dolphins are so smart that within a few weeks of captivity, they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish?
I didn’t fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don’t need it.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars, but check when you say the paint is wet?
Women will never be equal to men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are sexy.
Whenever I fill out an application, in the part that says “If an emergency, notify:” I put “DOCTOR”. What’s my mother going to do?
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
Check out: These drawings tell us a lot about children’s attitudes to technology
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
I didn’t say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
God must love stupid people. He made SO many.
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity.
The sole purpose of a child’s middle name, is so he can tell when he’s really in trouble.
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won’t expect it back.
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
It’s not the fall that kills you; it’s the sudden stop at the end.
Some people say “If you can’t beat them, join them”. I say “If you can’t beat them, beat them”, because they will be expecting you to join them, so you will have the element of surprise.
Why do Americans choose from just two people to run for president and 50 for Miss America?
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
Some cause happiness wherever they go. Others whenever they go.
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you’re ugly too.
Hospitality: making your guests feel like they’re at home, even if you wish they were.
Money can’t buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.
I discovered I scream the same way whether I’m about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot.
I got in a fight one time with a really big guy, and he said, “I’m going to mop the floor with your face.” I said, “You’ll be sorry.” He said, “Oh, yeah? Why?” I said, “Well, you won’t be able to get into the corners very well.”
Worrying works! 90% of the things I worry about never happen.
When in doubt, mumble.
I always take life with a grain of salt, …plus a slice of lemon, …and a shot of tequila.
A little boy asked his father, “Daddy, how much does it cost to get married?” Father replied, “I don’t know son, I’m still paying.”
Just remember…if the world didn’t suck, we’d all fall off.
I used to be indecisive. Now I’m not sure.
You’re never too old to learn something stupid.
Check out: This quadcopter is made out of chocolate
A bargain is something you don’t need at a price you can’t resist.
Jesus loves you, but everyone else thinks you’re an asshole.
With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine.
Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil.
Nostalgia isn’t what it used to be.
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and call whatever you hit the target.
You are such a good friend that if we were on a sinking ship together and there was only one life jacket… I’d miss you heaps and think of you often.
I like work. It fascinates me. I sit and look at it for hours.
A TV can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a computer.
Hallmark Card: “I’m so miserable without you, it’s almost like you’re still here.”
If at first you don’t succeed, skydiving is not for you!
A bus is a vehicle that runs twice as fast when you are after it as when you are in it.
Some people hear voices.. Some see invisible people.. Others have no imagination whatsoever.
If winning isn’t everything why do they keep score?
Whoever coined the phrase “Quiet as a mouse” has never stepped on one.
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
Don’t miss: A Google Street View Murder Prank
I don’t suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it.
When you go into court, you are putting your fate into the hands of people who weren’t smart enough to get out of jury duty.
If you keep your feet firmly on the ground, you’ll have trouble putting on your pants.
What’s the difference between a northern fairytale and a southern fairytale? A northern fairytale begins “Once upon a time…” A southern fairytale begins “Y’all ain’t gonna believe this shit…”
Children seldom misquote you. In fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn’t have said.
Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once.
If Bill Gates had a penny for every time I had to reboot my computer…oh wait, he does.
I don’t have an attitude problem. You have a perception problem.
George Washington said “We would have a black president when pigs fly!”… well, swine flu.
Haikus are easy. But sometimes they don’t make sense. Refrigerator.
Children in the dark make accidents, but accidents in the dark make children.
You know your children are growing up when they stop asking you where they came from and refuse to tell you where they’re going.
Deja Vu – When you think you’re doing something you’ve done before, it’s because God thought it was so funny, he had to rewind it for his friends.
The difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer is in the taste.
Money talks…but all mine ever says is good-bye.
It is hard to understand how a cemetery raised its burial cost and blamed it on the cost of living.
By the time a man realises that his father was right, he has a son who thinks he’s wrong.
By the time you learn the rules of life, you’re too old to play the game.
Does time fly when you’re having sex or was it really just one minute?
If you’re looking for sympathy, you’ll find it in the dictionary between “shit” and “syphilis”
Why do they lock gas station bathrooms? Are they afraid someone will clean them?
Keep the dream alive: Hit the snooze button.
I don’t have a beer gut, I have a protective covering for my rock hard abs.
Build a man a fire, and he’ll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he’ll be warm for the rest of his life.
We have all heard that a million monkeys banging on a million typewriters will eventually reproduce the entire works of Shakespeare. Now, thanks to the Internet, we know this is not true.
Who was the first to see a cow and think “I wonder what will happen if I squeeze these dangly things and drink whatever comes out?”
Remember, if you smoke after sex you’re doing it too fast.
Why didn’t Noah swat those two mosquitoes?
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
The difference between in-laws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted.
If you can stay calm while all around you is chaos, then you probably haven’t completely understood the situation.
You know, they got a luggage store in the airport? A place to buy a piece of luggage? How late do you have to be for a flight where you’re like, ‘Fuck it – just grab a pile of shit. We’ll get a bag at the airport’.
It’s amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world everyday always just exactly fits the newspaper.
Hard work never killed anyone, but why take the chance?
I have all the money I’ll ever need – if I die by 4:00 p.m. today.
Experience is what you get when you didn’t get what you wanted.
Two years ago I married a lovely young virgin, and if that doesn’t change soon, I’m gonna divorce him.
Dogs have masters. Cats have staff.
Isn’t it odd the way everyone automatically assumes that the goo in soap dispensers is always soap? I like to fill mine with mustard, just to teach people a lesson in trust.
Well aren’t you a waste of two billion years of evolution.
The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously.
When you choke a smurf, what color does it turn?
Archeologist: someone whose carreer lies in ruins.
Join The Army, visit exotic places, meet strange people, then kill them.
Women should not have children after Really… 35 children are enough.
Why do people keep running over a string a dozen times with their vacuum cleaner, then reach down, pick it up, examine it, then put it down to give their vacuum one more chance?
I don’t have an attitude; I have a personality you can’t handle.
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action.
Impotence: Nature’s way of saying “No hard feelings”.
There are three kinds of people: The ones who learn by reading. The ones who learn by observation. And the rest of them who have to touch the fire to learn it’s hot.
We are all time travelers moving at the speed of exactly 60 minutes per hour
America is a country which produces citizens who will cross the ocean to fight for democracy but won’t cross the street to vote.
To err is human, to blame it on somebody else shows management potential.
Only in America… do banks leave both doors open and then chain the pens to the counters.
Vegetarian: Native American definition for “lousy hunter”.
Materialism: buying things we don’t need with money we don’t have to impress people that don’t matter.
The Miss Universe pageant is fixed. All the winners are from Earth.
It matters not whether you win or lose: what matters is whether I win or lose.
If you can’t convince them, confuse them.
Don’t piss me off! I’m running out of places to hide the bodies.
Progress is made by lazy men looking for an easier way to do things.
See, the problem is that God gives men a brain and a penis, and only enough blood to run one at a time.
I read recipes the same way I read science fiction. I get to the end and I think, “Well, that’s not going to happen.”
Smith & Wesson: The original point and click interface.
The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense.
100,000 sperm and you were the fastest?
A friend is someone who will help you move. A GOOD friend is someone who will help you move a dead body.
Why do we press harder on a remote control when we know the batteries are getting weak?
Clinton lied. A man might forget where he parks or where he lives, but he never forgets oral sex, no matter how bad it is.
What if there were no hypothetical questions?
For every action, there is a corresponding over-reaction.
I’m a humble person, really. I’m actually much greater than I think I am.
Why is it called Alcoholics ANONYMOUS when the first thing you do is stand up and say, ‘My name is Peter and I am an alcoholic’
The best way to lie is to tell the truth, carefully edited truth.
Every day, man is making bigger and better fool-proof things, and every day, nature is making bigger and better fools. So far, I think nature is winning.
I don’t have a solution, but I do admire the problem.
The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which to burn.
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.
There are two kinds of friends : those who are around when you need them, and those who are around when they need you.
Don’t steal. That’s the government’s job.
A celebrity is someone who works hard all his life to become known and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.
IRS: We’ve got what it takes to take what you’ve got.
Stress is when you wake up screaming and you realize you haven’t fallen asleep yet.
Sometimes the best helping hand you can give is a good, firm push.
What is the most important thing to learn in chemistry? Never lick the spoon.
Lite: the new way to spell “Light,” now with 20% fewer letters!
Unless you’re the lead dog, the view never changes.
A conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good.
No one is listening until you fart.
Only dead fish go with the flow.
Why don’t you slip into something more comfortable…like a coma.
Drink coffee! Do stupid things faster with more energy!
This isn’t an office. It’s hell with fluorescent lighting.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
Life’s like a bird, it’s pretty cute until it shits on your head.
I’m multi-talented: I can talk and piss you off at the same time.
I was such an ugly kid. When I played in the sandbox the cat kept covering me up.
The easiest job in the world has to be coroner. Surgery on dead people. What’s the worst thing that could happen? If everything went wrong, maybe you’d get a pulse.
Foreign Aid: The transfer of money from poor people in rich countries to rich people in poor countries.
1 in 5 people in the world are Chinese. There are 5 people in my family, so it must be one of them. It’s either my mum or my dad. Or my older brother Colin. Or my younger brother Ho-Cha-Chu. But I think it’s Colin.
If corn oil comes from corn, where does baby oil come from?
True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable.
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody’s there to appreciate it.
If I’d shot you sooner, I’d be out of jail by now.
Insanity is hereditary. You get it from your kids.
Everything is edible, some things are only edible once.
What has four legs and an arm? A happy pit bull.
If Wal-Mart is lowering prices every day, why isn’t anything in the store is free yet?
There are no winners in life…only survivors.
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it, misdiagnosing it and then misapplying the wrong remedies.
Just about the time when you think you can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
Wise people think all they say, fools say all they think.
One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor.
The knack of flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you’ve never tried before.
It’s so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don’t say it.
We are all part of the ultimate statistic – ten out of ten die.
Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia: Fear of long words.
A committee is twelve men doing the work of one.
Ever notice that people who spend money on beer, cigarettes, and lottery tickets are always complaining about being broke and not feeling well?
If everything seems to be coming your way, you’re probably in the wrong lane.
I’m in shape. Round is a shape isn’t it
They keep saying the right person will come along, I think mine got hit by a truck.
I said “no” to drugs, but they just wouldn’t listen.
Alcoholism is the only disease that tries to convince you that you don’t have it.
I sometimes go to my own little world, but that’s okay, they know me there.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
My drinking team has a bowling problem.
A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well.
Why do they use sterilized needles for death by lethal injection?
It’s not how good your work is, it’s how well you explain it.
Seen it all, done it all, can’t remember most of it.
I wanna hang a map of the world in my house. Then I’m gonna put pins into all the locations that I’ve traveled to. But first, I’m gonna have to travel to the top two corners of the map so it won’t fall down.
Efficiency is a highly developed form of laziness.
If a turtle doesn’t have a shell, is he homeless or naked?
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
Failure is not falling down, it is not getting up again.
Bills travel through the mail at twice the speed
The best thing about living at the beach is that you only have assholes on three sides of you.
Silence doesn’t mean your sexual performance left her speechless.
The farther away the future is, the better it looks.
Why is it that in the US: If you take off all your clothes and walk down the street waving a machete and firing an Uzi, terrified citizens will phone the police and report: “There’s a naked person outside!”
Canadians are more polite when they are being rude than Americans are when they are being friendly.
Never test the depth of the water with both feet.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He’s all right now.
I have to exercise early in the morning before my brain figures out what I’m doing.
Some of us learn from the mistakes of others; the rest of us have to be the others.
You are depriving some poor village of its idiot.
Discretion is being able to raise your eyebrow instead of your voice.
Every so often, I like to go to the window, look up, and smile for a satellite picture.
At every party there are two kinds of people: those who want to go home and those who don’t. The trouble is, they are usually married to each other.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a flat tire.
Constipated people don’t give a crap.
Why is a bra singular and panties plural?
Be safety conscious. 80% of people are caused by accidents.
Without ME, it’s just AWESO.
If you do not say it, they can’t repeat it.
I was thinking about how people seem to read the Bible a whole lot more as they get older. Then it dawned on me… they were cramming for their finals.
Be careful of your thoughts, they may become words at any moment.
If you don’t care where you are, then you ain’t lost.
Your gene pool could use a little chlorine.
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.
I pretend to work as long as they pretend to pay me.
You ever make fun of someone so much, you think you should thank them for all the good times you’ve had?
You have two choices in life: You can stay single and be miserable, or get married and wish you were dead.
I am not a vegetarian because I love animals. I am a vegetarian because I hate plants.
Ham and Eggs: A day’s work for a chicken, a lifetime commitment for a pig.
If the number 2 pencil is the most popular, why is it still number 2?
Don’t hate me because I’m beautiful. Hate me because your boyfriend thinks so.
Everyone has the right to be stupid, but you are abusing the privilege!
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
The human brain is a wonderful thing. It starts working the moment you are born, and never stops until you stand up to speak in public.
Do not walk behind me, for I may not lead. Do not walk ahead of me, for I may not follow. Do not walk beside me either. Just pretty much leave me the hell alone.
Strangers have the best candy.
Rap is to music as Etch-A-Sketch is to art.
Trust but verify.
The difference between divorce and legal separation is that a legal separation gives a husband time to hide his money.
WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may cause you to think you can sing.
The last time I was inside a woman was when I went to the Statue of Liberty.
If a mute kid swears does his mother wash his hands with soap?
How do you get holy water? Boil the hell out of it.
I’d kill for a Nobel Peace Prize.
Why do you need a driver’s license to buy liquor when you can’t drink and drive?
Sometimes when I reflect back on all the beer I drink I feel shamed. Then I look into the glass and think about the workers in the brewery and all of their hopes and dreams. If I didn’t drink this beer, they might be out of work and their dreams would be shattered. Then I say to myself, “It is better that I drink this beer and let their dreams come true than be selfish and worry about my liver.
Your kid may be an honors student, but you’re still an idiot.
Insanity is defined as doing the same thing over and over again, expecting different results.
Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.
It was love at first sight. Then I took a second look !!
Everybody is somebody else’s weirdo.
I think, therefore I’m single.
Should crematoriums give discounts for burn victims?
When you stop believing in Santa Claus is when you start getting clothes for Christmas!
I bet you I could stop gambling.
The only difference between the people I’ve dated and Charles Manson is that Manson has the decency to look like a nut case when you first meet him.
Sex on tv can’t hurt unless you fall off.
Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married. The ceremony wasn’t much, but the reception was excellent.
Who invented the brush they put next to the toilet? That thing hurts!
Never agree to plastic surgery if the doctor’s office is full of portraits by Picasso.
Accept it. Your parents HAVE had sex before.
The neighbour of the beast.
I love oral sex…it’s the phone bill I hate.
Children in the back seats of cars cause accidents, but accidents in the back seats of cars cause children.
I’ve learned that the people you care most about in life are taken from you too soon and all the less important ones just never go away.
Squirrels – nature’s speed bumps.
When you go to the drugstore, why are the condoms not in with the other party supplies?
It’s bad luck to be superstitious.
There are two kinds of people who don’t say much: those who are quiet and those who talk a lot.
The reason grandchildren and grandparents get along so well is because they have a common “enemy”.
Friends are like condoms: They protect you when things get hard.
With a calendar, your days are numbered.
If it’s true that we are here to help others, then what exactly are the others here for?
The sex was so good that even the neighbors had a cigarette.
It’s not the bullet that kills you, it’s the hole.
I ran three miles today. Finally I said, “Lady take your purse.”
If good things come in small packages, then more good things can come in large packages.
You may have a heart of gold, but so does a hard-boiled egg.
My wife ran off with my best friend last week. I miss him!
A woman has got to love a bad man once or twice in her life, to be thankful for a good one.
A cat, by any other name, is still a sneaky little furball that barfs on the furniture.
Laugh and the world laughs with you. Snore and you sleep alone
Being in a nudist colony probably takes all the fun out of Halloween.
Married men live longer than single men, but they’re a lot more willing to die.
If life hands you lemons, break out the tequila!
Beauty is only skin deep…but ugly goes all the way to the bone!
A cheap shot is a terrible thing to waste.
A hard thing about a business is minding your own.
Most women don’t know where to look when they’re eating a banana.
If you go to sleep with a itching ass you will wake up with a stinking finger …
Does time fly when you’re having sex or was it really just one minute?
We are all time travelers moving at the speed of exactly 60 minutes per hour
If you’re going to ride my ass at least pull my hair and make me scream!
Yo momma's so stupid, she put two quarters in her ears and thought she was listening to 50 Cent.
Q.  What did the pop star do when he locked himself out? A.  He sang until he found the right key!
Yo momma is so ugly her parents had to feed her with a slingshot.
A neutron walks into a bar and says, "I'd like a beer. How much will that be?" The bartender responds, "For you? No charge!"
Yo mamma so stupid she put two M&M's in her ear and said she was listening to Eminem.
Q: What's the difference between Jew Jesus and Black Jesus? A: Jew Jesus was born in a stable. Black Jesus was born into an unstable home.
Yo mama jokes are old and overused just like yo mama!
Q. what do you call a bear with no teethA. A gummy bear
Yo momma so crusty Pizza Hut is jealous.
Yo mama so old she knew Mr. Clean when he had an Afro.
Yo momma is so fat that when she went to the beach a whale swam up and sang, "We are family, even though you're fatter than me."
How did you get here? Did someone leave your cage open?
Q: What did the big chimney say to the little chimney? A: "You're too young to smoke."
Q: How can you tell a blonde is having a bad day? A: She can't find her pencil and her tampon is behind her ear.
Q: What do you call a T-Rex's bruise? A: A dino-sore.
Q.  What is the color of the wind? A.  Blew.
Q: How do you fix a broken tuba? A: With a tuba glue.
Yo Momma's so poor I stepped in a puddle, and her head popped out and said, "WHAT ARE YOU DOINF IN MY BATHTUB!?"
A husband says to his wife, "You know, our son got his brain from me." The wife replies, "I think he did. I still got mine with me!"
Yo momma is so stupid, she put a quarter in a parking meter and said, "Where's my gumball?"
Yo momma is so fat she tripped over Tokyo and landed in Hawaii.
Q: What do cheap hotels and designer jeans have in common?A: No ballroom.
Yo mama so fat, Dracula sucked her blood and got diabetes.
Q: What type of book has only characters and no story? A: A telephone book.
Q: Why do pirates not know the alphabet?A: They always get stuck at "c."
When a man opens the car door for his wife, you can be sure of one thing, either the car is new or the wife is.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea?Because if they flew over the bay, they would be called bagles
Yo mama's so old she used to babysit Jesus.
Q: Why do Chinese people have Chinese babies? A: Because two Wongs don't make a white.
What do women and screen doors have in common? The more you bang them, the looser they get.
Q: What do you do with a sick scientist? A: Well if you can't helium and you can't curium then you might as well barium
What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish wake? One less drunk Irishman.
Q: What does a clam do on its birthday? A: Shellabrate!
Yo mama is so fat that when she talks to herself, it’s a long distance call.
Q: Why did Adele cross the road? A: To sing, "Hello from the other side!"
Yo mamma's so fat, I don't have to make a joke.
Q: What do you call two black men in a red sleeping bag? A: A Kit Kat.
There once was a man named Sweeney. He spilled some gin on his weenie. That being uncouth, He dipped it in vermouth, And slipped his wife a dry martini.
Yo mama is so old that when she farts, dust comes out!
Q: What is a tree's favorite drink? A: Root beer.
Yo mama so fat I tried driving around her and I ran out of gas.
Yo mama is so fat, when she stepped on a scale it said, "One person at a time please."
If pigs could fly, your mom would have wings.
Q: What has four wheels and flies? A: A garbage truck.
Q: Why do blondes have "TGIF" written on their shoes? A: To remind them Toes Go In First.
Q: What is a mummy's favorite type of music? A: Wrap!
Yo mama so fat when stepped on a scale she said, "How does it know my credit card number?"
Yo momma is such a ho they call her house Kum & Go because all the men "Kum & Go."
Q: How did boobs got their name? A: From the top view it looks like a B, the front view looks like oo, and the side view looks like a b.
Yo momma is so fat, she puts lipstick on with a paint roller.
Q: How do you get 500 old cows in a barn? A: Put up a Bingo sign.
Q: Why do blondes leave empty beer cans in their refrigerator? A: For their friends that don't drink.
Q. How much room is needed for fungi to grow?A. As mushroom as possible
Girl: "Girls are better than boys."Boy: "Then why did God make boys first?"Girl: "Duh, you have to have a rough draft before the final copy."
Q: How can you get a blonde to laugh on Saturday?A: Tell her a joke on Wednesday.
Q: How does Albus get into Hogwarts?A: Through the Dumble-door.
Why is it that the people with the smallest minds always have the biggest mouths?
Q: My boyfriend is as beautiful as Frank Sinatra and as intelligent as Albert Einstein; what is his name? A: Frankenstein.
Why can't Miss Piggy count to 100?
Because when she gets to 69 she has a frog in her throat.
If ugliness were bricks, you'd be the Great Wall of China!
"Knock, knock." "Who's there?" "Nobel." "Nobel who?" "No bell that's why I knocked."
How are black people and tornadoes the same? It only takes one to ruin a good neighborhood.
How many men does it take to change a roll of toilet paper? I don't know, it has never happened.
Yo mamma is so hairy when you were born you had carpet burn.
Yo momma's so fat she can't even jump to a conclusion.
Yo mamma is so stupid, she stopped her car at a stop sign and she's still waiting for it to turn green.
When asked if they would have sex with Bill Clinton, 86% of women in D.C. said, "Not again."
Q: Why wasn't Jesus born in Australia? A: God couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.
Q: What do you do with a sick boat? A: Take it to the doc.
When you die, you should have your brain donated to science. I hear they're trying to come up with the perfect vacuum.
Yo momma is so fat that the last time she saw 90210 was on the scale.
Man: "Hey baby, what's your sign?"Woman: "Do not enter."
Yo momma is so stupid when your dad sad it was chilly outside, she ran out the door with a spoon!
Q: How does a black girl tell if she is pregnant? A: When she pulls the tampon out all the cotton is picked.
A blond asked his friend, "Why does my sister have two brothers and I only have one???"
Your mamma so fat she uses a mattress as a maxi pad.
Q: Why did the bunny go to the hospital? A: For a hoperation.
What is the difference between ooooooh and aaaaaaah? About three inches.
Yo momma is so hairy, when she went to the movie theater to see Star Wars, everybody screamed and said, "IT'S CHEWBACCA!"
If number two pencils are so popular why are they still number two?
Yo mama so ugly that her pillows cry.
What do you do when 50 zombies surround your house? Hope it's Halloween.
Q: Why does it take 1 million sperm to fertilize one egg? A: Because like all men, they won't stop to ask directions.
Yo momma so fat when she steps out in a yellow raincoat, the people yell, "TAXI!"
Yo mama is so stupid when the judge said, Order! Order!" she said, "Fries and coke please."
Yo momma is so fat she uses a pillow for a tampon.
Did you hear about the blondes that froze to death at a drive-in movie theater? They went to see "Closed for the Winter."
A black guy walks into a bar with a parrot the bartender says cool where did u get it the parrot says Africa
The energizer bunny was arrested on a charge of battery.
Q: Why shouldn't you write with a broken pencil? A: Because it’s pointless!
For a period, Houdini used a trap door in every single show he did…I guess you could say it was a stage he was going through.
Q: What are a blonde's first words after graduating college? A: "Would you like fries with that?"
A man is only as faithful as his options.
What did the elephant say to the naked man? "Cute, cute, but can it pick up peanuts?"
What did the Mexican fire chief name his two sons?
Hose A and Hose B!
What do you call a Mexican with three eyes?  
Ay, ay, ay!
Whenever your ex says, "You'll never find someone like me," the answer to that is, "That's the point."
Yo mamma's so fat, she IS the circle of life.
I believe in respect for the dead, in fact I could only respect you if you were dead.
Q: Wanna hear a joke about construction?A: Never mind, I'm still working on it.
Q: What's a WASP's favorite prize? A: The Lilly Pulitzer prize.
Women are like roads. The more curves they have, the more dangerous they are.
A man is like a snowstorm. You never know when he's coming, how many inches you'll get, or how long it will last.
Have you ever tried eating a clock? It's very time consuming.
Q: Why can't a blonde dial 911?A: She can't find the eleven.
Q: Why did the pig leave the costume party? A: Because everyone thought he was a boar.
Q: What do you call a famous fish? A: A star fish.
Q: What is Mozart doing right now? A: Decomposing.
Q: What's Forrest Gump’s password? A: 1forrest1
Yo momma's so ugly she makes the blind go crippled!
The past, present, and future walked into a bar. It was tense.
Don't be racist. Be like the multi-cultural panda bear: black, white, and Chinese.
Did you hear what happened to the blonde ice hockey team?
They drowned in spring training.
A teacher asks, "What's the difference between a problem and a challenge?" A student repsonds, "3 boys + 1 girl = problem. 1 boy + 3 girls = challenge."
What's Harry Potter's way to get to the bottom of a hill? Running...JK! Rolling.
Q:How do you know a clock is still hungry?A: It goes back four seconds.
Your momma is so fat NASA used her to fill a hole in the ozone layer.
What happens when you give a politician Viagra? He gets taller.
If con is the opposite of pro, then is Congress the opposite of progress?
Bob:  "Holy crap, I just fell off a 50 ft ladder."Jim: "Oh my God, are you okay?"Bob: "Yeah it's a good thing I fell off the first step."
Q: Why doesn't Dracula have any friends? A: Because he is a pain in the neck.
Q: Why do blonde girls walk in groups of odd numbers? A: Because they can't even!
Yo mama so stupid, she returned a donut because it had a hole in it.
Q: Can February march? A: No, but April may.
I hear you are very kind to animals, so please give that face back to the gorilla.
Q: What do cars eat on their toast? A: Traffic jam.
Q: Why did cavemen drag their women by the hair? A: Because they found out by dragging them by their legs that their hole would fill up with mud.
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe? 
Roberto
How to be Insulting at Christmas: Try to find what you were given last year and give it back to the person who gave it to you.
You're so ugly, your husband takes you with him everywhere he goes, so he doesn't have to kiss you goodbye.
Yo momma's so fat, when she was floating in the ocean, Spain claimed her for the new world.
Q: Can a match box? A: No, but a tin can.
Yo mama so fat when she goes into an elevator she has to go down.
Q: What do you call a Mexican basketball game?A: Juan on Juan.
Yo momma's so stupid, she tried to hug her reflection in the pool thinking it was her long lost twin, and drowned.
Q: Why do pilgrims pants fall down? A: Because their belts are on their hats.
Roses are red. Your blood is too. You look like a monkey And belong in a zoo. Do not worry, I'll be there too. Not in the cage, But laughing at you.
I'm not calling you a slut, I'm calling you a penny: two faced, worthless, and in everyone's pants.
Yo mamma is so fat, the only good grade she got in school was an "A" in lunch.
What is the sign of inflation?  
A Volkswagen with 12 Latinos in it.
Q: What did one hat say to another? A: You stay here, I’ll go on a head.
Your momma's so stupid when my car ran out of gas she came over and farted in the tank.
What's the difference between deer nuts and beer nuts?  
Beer nuts are $1.50 and deer nuts are under a buck.
Yo momma's so cross-eyed, she went to a movie and thought it was a double feature.
How are women and tornadoes alike? They both moan like hell when they come, and take the house when they leave.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
One night, Penis and Balls were sitting in a couch. Penis said to Balls, "We are going to a party. Balls said, "F*ck off, you always leave me knocking."
A Jewish boy asks his father for $50. The father replies, "$40, what do you need $30 for?"
Yo mamma so poor, when I saw her walking down the street with one shoe on, I stopped and said, "You lost a shoe!" and she said, "No, I found a shoe!"
Q: What do elephants use for tampons? A: Sheep.
Q: What is the difference between a teacher and a train? A: One says, "Spit out your gum," and the other says, "Choo choo choo!"
Q: What's the importance of capitalization? A: You can either help your Uncle Jack off a horse or help your uncle jack off a horse.
What did the dog say to the hot dog bun? 
"Are you pure bred?"
A blonde drops off her dress to the dry cleanersThe lady says, "Come Again!"The blonde says, "No, it's toothpaste this time."
Q: Why is England the wettest country? A: Because so many kings and queens have been reigning there.
A lot of people cry when they cut an onion. The trick is not to form an emotional bond.
Q: What do you call 10 blondes in a freezer? A: Frosted Flakes!
whats the difference between a girls argument and a knife ?a knife has a point
Q: What do bees comb their hair with? A: A honey comb!
You know you're getting fat when you say you're fat in front of your friends and nobody corrects you.
How come it takes so long to build a blonde snowman? Because you have to hollow out the head.
Teacher: "What is the future tense of the statement: 'I had killed a thief'?" Student: "You will go to jail."
Just had a dangerous mole removed from the end of my penis. Definitely won't be shagging one of those again.
You should do some soul-searching. Maybe you'll find one.
What’s an Irish seven course dinner?  
A six-pack and a potato.
Q: What does Miley Cyrus eat for Christmas dinner? A: Roast twerky!
Q: Why did the duck go to jail?A: Because he got caught selling quack.
Q: Do you know who was the first black guy to admit he is the father? A: Darth Vader.
Q: Why can't you tell an egg a joke? A: Because it will crack up.
Q: Why do blondes wear underwear? A: To keep their ankles warm.
Q: How do trees access the internet? A: They log in.
Yo mama's so poor that ducks throw bread at her.
I heard you went to have your head examined but the doctors found nothing there.
What is a man's ultimate shame?
When he runs into a wall with a hard-on and grabs his nose first!
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to save a fish from drowning.
Q: Why did the man name his dogs Rolex and Timex? A: Because they were watch dogs.
Q: Why are vampires so easy to fool? A: Because they are suckers.
Q: Would a white or black kindergartner have a bigger dick? A: The black one because he's 20.
Q: What did the judge say when a skunk walked into the courtroom? A: "Odor in the court!"
Yo mama so dumb she tried to make an appointment with Dr. Pepper.
Why do women wear panties with flowers on them? In loving memory of all the faces that have been buried there.
Why did the blonde tip toe near the medicine cabinet? Because she didn't want to wake the sleeping pills!!
Yo momma's so fat, when she uses the keyboard she presses every key at once!
I'll never forget the first time we met, although I'll keep trying.
Tom: "Were you born on the highway?" Jerry: "Uh no, why?" Tom: "Because that's where most accidents happen."
Fe = Iron.Male = Man.Fe + Male = Iron Man.I have been having sex with Iron Man.
Q: What's a bunny's favorite restaurant? A: IHOP.
Yo mamma so short when she tried to smoke weed she couldn't get high.
Yo momma's so fat, she played the role of the boulder in the first Indiana Jones movie.
Yo' Mama is so ugly, yo' daddy takes her to work with him so he doesn't have to kiss her goodbye.
Q: What animal should you never play cards with? A: A cheetah.
I heard that you went to the haunted house and they offered you a job.
Your momma is so ugly she made One Direction go another direction.
Dear NASA, Your mom thought I was big enough. - Pluto
Why do black people hate taking Tylenol? Because they have to pick the cotton out.
Two fish are in a tank. One turns to the other and says, "Hey, do you know how to drive this thing?"
Yo mama so big she got hit by a bus and said, "Hey, who threw a rock at me?"
I don't really like watching basketball, I just watch it to find out who the next member of the Kardashian family will be.
Yo momma is so fat her bellybutton gets home 15 minutes before she does.
Yo Mamma so fat she had to have a real horse on her polo shirt.
Q: Why did the runner stop listing to music?A: Because she broke too many records.
Yo mama is so fat that she can’t even jump to a conclusion.
I never wanted to believe that my Dad was stealing from his job as a road worker. But when I got home, all the signs were there.
Q: What did the lawyer name his daughter?A: Sue.
Q: What does Mortal Kombat and a church in Helsinki have in common? A: Finnish Hymn!
Jane: "Where are all the kind, considerate, loving men who can show their feelings?" Jill: "They already have boyfriends."
A Mexican, a Cuban, and a Chinese guy are riding in a truck. Who's driving? Immigration.
For all the guys who think a woman's place is in the kitchen, remember that's where the knives are kept.
What do you call it when a blonde dyes her hair brunette?
Artificial intelligence.
How do you get a dishwasher to dig a hole? Give the woman a shovel!
Why does it take one million sperm to fertilize one egg? They don't stop and ask for directions.
Yo mama so old her Social Security number is 1.
A little kids sends a letter to Santa that says: "Dear Santa I want a brother for Christmas."
Santa writes back, "Dear Timmy send me me your mommy."
Yo mama so ugly when she was born the doctor saw her butt and then her face and he said, "It's twins!"
Q: What do you call a lawyer who has gone bad? A: Senator.
Yo mama so old, she had to babysit Jesus.
Yo momma's so stupid, she steals samples from stores!
Yo momma's so fat, she has her own zip code 900daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaamn.
Yo mamma so stupid her password needed 8 characters, so she typed "Snow White and the 7 dwarfs."
Q: If you have 13 apples in one hand and 10 oranges in the other, what do you have? A: Big hands.
"Give it to me! Give it to me!" she yelled, "I'm so wet, give it to me now!"  She could scream all she wanted to. I was keeping the umbrella.
Wife: "In my dream, I saw you in a jewelry store and you bought me a diamond ring." Husband: "I had the same dream and I saw your dad paying the bill."
Q: Why did they have to bury George Washington standing up? A: Because he could never lie.
Yo mama is so fat that when she went to the movie theater she sat next to everybody.
If beauty was a drop of water, you'd be the Sahara Desert.
Yo momma is so fat when she went to KFC the cashier asked, "What size bucket?" and yo momma said, "The one on the roof."
Q: Why don't Black people take free cruises? A: Because they aren't falling for that one again.
Have you heard the story of the magic sandwich? Never mind, it's just a bunch of bologna.
How did the medical community come up with the term "PMS"? "Mad Cow Disease" was already taken.
Yo momma's so fat, that when she rubs her thighs together, I smell bacon.
What is the favorite sport of Mexicans? Cross Country
I am from the Middle East and when I was a kid, I had a bomb sniffing dog. It died of an overdose.
Yo momma's so fat, her measurements are 36-24-26, and that's just her left arm.
Yo mamma is so ugly when she tried to join an ugly contest they said, "Sorry, no professionals."
Why are frogs always so happy?                                     They eat what ever bugs them
Yo momma is so stupid she went to the orthodontist to get a Bluetooth.
Q: Why are ghosts such good cheerleaders? A: Because they have a lot of spirit!
Don't be racist; racism is a crime; and crime is for black people.
Your mama so fat when she did a push up Earth went down.
Q: What did the duck say when he bought lipstick?A: "Put it on my bill."
Q: Why couldn't the Pirate learn the alphabet? A: Because he was always lost at C.
There is a white boy, a Mexican boy, and a black boy who are all in the fifth grade. Who has the biggest d*ck?
The black boy, because he's 18.
Your momma's so ugly, when she goes into a strip club, they pay her to keep her clothes on.
Yo momma's so dumb, when your aunt had twins, she asked yo momma to name them. She named one Denise, and the other Denephew.
Marriage is a 3-ring circus: engagement ring, wedding ring, and suffering.
Q: How do you make the number seven even? A: Drop the "s."
Q: What nails do carpenters hate to hit? A: Fingernails.
Yo momma is so fat it took Nationwide 2 years to get on her side.
Yo mama so poor that when somebody stepped on her cigarette she said, "Who turned off my heat?"
Mexico doesn't win Olympic medals because all the best runners, jumpers, and swimmers are in America.
Q: How do you stop a Mexican tank? A: Shoot the people pushing it.
I couldn't figure out why the baseball kept getting larger. Then it hit me.
If Tarzan and Jane were Jewish, what would Cheetah be?
A fur coat.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Fun fact: If you cut off all your body hair and laid it end to end you'd be a fucking weirdo.
We used to have Reagan, Jonny Cash, and Bob Hope. Now we have Obama, no cash, and no hope.
Yo mama is so fat that she measures 36-24-36, and the other arm is just as big.
Q: How do you make an egg-roll?A: You push it!!!
Q: How do you know that carrots are good for your eyesA: You never see a rabbit wears glasses.
Q: What did the cross-eyed teacher say?A: I can't control my pupils!
Yo momma's so ugly, they filmed "Gorillas in the Mist" in her shower.
Yo mamma so ugly she is the reason Waldo is hiding.
A drunk walks into a bar with jumper cables around his neck. The bartender says, "You can stay but don't try to start anything."
I didn't like my beard at first. Then it grew on me.
Q: Why is Peter Pan always flying? A: Because he neverlands.
Q: How do you count cows? A: With a cowculator.
How do you know when a woman is about to say something smart? When she starts her sentence with, "A man once told me..."
Brunette: "Where were you born?" Blonde: "California." Brunette: "Which part?" Blonde: "All of me."
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
Q: What did the grape say when it was stepped on? A: Nothing, it just let out a little wine.
Q: Why did the can crusher quit his job? A: Because it was soda pressing.
Your mum is like the sun: big, round, and hard to look at.
Q: How do you find Will Smith in the snow? A: Look for the fresh prints.
Yo momma is so old, I slapped her in the back and her boobs fell off.
A man is being arrested by a female police officer, who informs him, "Anything you say can and will be held against you." The man replies, "Boobs!"
What do a fat lady and concrete have in common? They both have been laid by Mexicans.
It was so cold today, a Democrat had his hands in his own pockets!
Yo mama is so black, she doesn't even have white blood cells.
Yo mama so fat, she puts her belt on with a boomerang.
Q: What do you call a cow that just gave birth? A: Decalfeinated.
Save your breath. You'll need it to blow up your date.
Yo mama is so fat when Jabba's guard pushed her into the sarlacc pit, it choked to death.
Yo mama so stupid, she went to the eye doctor to get an iPhone.
PMS jokes aren't funny. Period.
If a man opens the car door for his wife, you can be sure of one thing: either the car is new or the wife.
Yo mommas like a shotgun: two cocks and she blows.
Q: What did one eye say to the other eye?A: Between you and me, there's something that smells.
Yo momma's so stupid she thought Taco Bell was the Mexican phone company.
Q: What do you call a doll on fire? A: A Barbie-Q.
Yo mamma is so ugly, when she brought a pig into Walmart, the manager said, "Get that pig out of here," and the pig said, "Sorry, it won't happen again!"
Yo momma is so ugly she turned Medusa into stone.
Q. What do you call a fake noodle?A. An Impasta!
Your mama is so ugly that when I told her to do the robot, R2-D2 got herpes.
Q: What do you call a bear with no teeth?A: A gummy bear.
This blonde calls me and says, "What's your phone number? I cant find it!"
Yo mom is so dumb that she thought Dunkin' Donuts was a basketball team.
I never forget a face! But in your case I'll make an exception!
How to be insulting when giving directions: Point with four fingers when they ask.
What do you call three black guys hanging from a tree? An Alabama Windchime.
Yo momma so stupid she thought Bruno Mars was a planet.
How does a man show that he is planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer.
Yo Momma so fat she uses the 101 fwy for a slip 'n' slide!
How to be insulting at the library: Find the coziest reading nook and start snoring.
Yo momma is so fat, when she sat on the back of the bus it did a wheelie.
Yo mama is so fat, she's the reason the Earth tilts on its axis.
Yo momma's so ugly, her birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
Well, they do say opposites attract. So I sincerely hope you meet somebody who is attractive, honest, intelligent, and cultured.
Yo mamma is so fat, black holes get sucked into her.
Yo mama so fat the only reason she took algebra in high school was because she heard there was gonna be some pi.
Dad: "Can I see your report card, son?" Son: "I don't have it." Dad: "Why?" Son: "I gave it to my friend. He wanted to scare his parents."
What is better than winning the gold medal at the Special Olympics? Having arms and legs.
Q: Where can you find the biggest amount of the largest sized women's lingerie in the world? A: In Africa: there's thousands of Z bras.
Q: Which two letters in the alphabet are always jealous? A: NV.
Yo momma is so poor I saw her kicking a trash can so I asked, "What are you doing?" and she said, "I'm moving."
Q: What do you call a sad coffee? A: Depresso.
Q: What do you call a girl who's just come back from the beach?A: Sandy.
Why do hummingbirds hum? Because they don't know the words.
This brother was banging his sister, and he says, "You f*ck like Mom," and she laughs. He says, "What?" She says, "That's what Dad said."
Q: Why do birds fly South for the winter?A: It's too far to walk.
Q: Did you hear about the new blonde-made Inventions?A: Solar Powered Flashlights, Helicopter Ejection Seats, and the Submarine Screen Door.
Yo momma is so ugly Fix-It Felix said, "I can't fix it."
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you?Pull the pin and throw it back.
Did you hear about Monica Lewinsky becoming a Republican? The Democrats left a bad taste in her mouth.
Yo mama so ugly when she went into a haunted house she came out with a job application.
Q: What is a witch's favorite subject in school? A: Spelling.
Two blondes fell down a hole. One said, "It's dark in here isn't it?" The other replied, "I don't know; I can't see."
How did the Samoan climb the tree? He didn't. He scared the limbs out of it.
When somebody calls you gay, say, "I'm straighter than the pole your mom dances on."
Q: Why is a woman with no breasts a pirate's delight? A: Because she has a sunken chest.
Yo mama so stupid, she went to the dollar store and said, "How much is this?"
What do you call people who are afraid of Santa Claus? Claustrophobic.
Q: Why didn't the sailors play cards? A: Because the captain was on the deck.
Q: Why did the scarecrow get promoted? A: Because he was outstanding in his field.
I would make another chemistry joke, but they ARGON.
Q: How do you make a tissue dance? A: Put a little boogie in it.
Two Jews walked into a bar. It was busy. So they bought it.
What's the difference between a pregnant lady and a light bulb?
You can unscrew a light bulb.
After I have sex, I like my woman like my mailbox. Outside my house!
What do you call a lawyer who doesn't know the law? A judge.
Some guy called me a tool. So I got hammered and nailed his girlfriend. Guess he was right.
Q.  Why did the apple run away? A.  Because the banana split!
Why do Canadian's do it doggystyle? So they can both watch the hockey game.
Yo momma's so fat, when she farted, she launched herself into orbit.
Brunette: "Where were you born?" Blonde: "The United States." Brunette: "Which part?" Blonde: "My whole body."
Q: What do you call a lawyer with an IQ of 100? A: Your Honor. Q: What do you call a lawyer with an IQ of 50? A: Senator.
Q: What do you call an deep sea Transformer? A: Octopus Prime!
Why is it that your nose runs, but your feet smell?
Q: What's the problem with an Asian pet store?A: There's always a kitchen in the back.
Q: If April showers bring may flowers, what do mayflowers bring? A: Pilgrims!
Doctor: “You’ll live to be 60!” Patient: “I am 60!” Doctor: “See! What did I tell you?”
Q: How do you catch a squirrel? A: Climb a tree and act like a nut.
How did giraffes come to be? Chuck Norris uppercut a horse.
Q: How do you leave a jackass in suspense? A: Don't know. I'll tell you tomorrow
Math Teacher: "If I have 5 bottles in one hand and 6 in the other hand, what do I have?" Student: "A drinking problem."
Q: Why shouldn't you take atoms seriously?A: Because they make up everything.
Insult: Hey, you're not much of a looker, but I'll date you.Response: Thanks. You must be very open-minded. Was that how your brain slipped out?
Q: What did one ocean say to another ocean?A: Nothing. It just waved.
Q: What did the pony say when he had a sore throat?A: Sorry, I'm a little horse.
Q: Why does a cow wear a bell around its neck? A: Because its horns don't work.
Yo mamma's so ugly, when her house was being robbed, the mugger took off his mask and made her wear it.
Why can't you hear rabbits making love? Because they have cotton balls.
Q: Why do Jewish mothers make great parole officers? A: They never let anyone finish a sentence!
Kobe Bryant wears the number 24 to remind himself about how many seconds he has to hog the ball.
Q: What's the difference between a guitar and a fish? A: You can tune a guitar, but you can't tuna fish.
Yo momma so fat she wore a sign that said "CAUTION: Wide Turns!"
Q: Where do you learn how to make ice cream?A: Sundae School
Q: What do you call a white girl with a yeast infection? A: Cracker with cheese.
Q: Who is the poorest guy in the south?A: The Tooth Fairy.
Everyone has a right to be ugly but you abuse the privilege.
Yo mama so fat, she's got more rolls than a bakery.
Why did the Mexican guy throw his wife off of a cliff?
Tequila!
Yo mama is so fat on Halloween she threw on a white sheet and went as Antarctica.
Yo momma is so black she makes Akon look like Casper.
Q: What did the janitor yell when he jumped out of the closet? A: "Supplies!"
Sure, I'd love to help you out. Now, which way did you come in?
Q: Why did the fish blush? A: Because it saw the ocean's bottom.
Yo momma's so fat, the Hogwarts Sorting Hat put her in all 4 houses!
Q: What do dim lamps and blondes have in common? A: They both tend to be hot, but not too bright.
Two blondes walk into a tanning salon. The receptionist asks, "Are you two sisters?" They chuckle and reply, " No, we aren't even Catholic."
Knock, knock. Who's there? Cows go. Cows go who? No, cows go moo!
Q: Why are hairdressers never late for work? A: Because they know all the short cuts!
Yo mama's so fat when she went to In and Out she couldn't get in or out.
Yo mama so fat she got arrested for carrying 10 pounds of crack.
Your momma is so old she has an autographed copy of the Bible.
Why did the blonde like lightening? She thought someone was taking a picture of her.
Yo momma is so stupid when an intruder broke   into her house, she ran downstairs, dialed 9-1-1 on the microwave, and couldn't find the "CALL" button.
A robber comes into the store & steals a TV. A blonde runs after him and says, "Wait, you forgot the remote!"
Yo momma so ugly, she had to get the baby drunk so that she could breastfeed it.
Molecule 1: I just lost an electron. Molecule 2: Are you sure? Molecule 1: I’m positive.
Q: What is the difference between snowmen and snowwomen? A: Snowballs.
A friend of mine got in trouble for punching an african-american woman.  In his defense, he was told to go to Home Depot and get a black and decker.
Why do men die before their wives? They want to.
Yo mama so fat the bears have to hide their food from her when she goes camping.
Yo momma is so fat when she got on the scale it said, "I need your weight not your phone number."
You're so ugly, you make blind kids cry.
Jesus walks into a inn, hands the innkeeper three nails, and says, "Can you put me up for the night?"
Yo momma is so stupid she climbed over a glass wall to see what was on the other side.
Yo mama so ugly even aliens won't probe her.
What does an air conditioner have in common with a computer? They both lose efficiency as soon as you open windows.
Yo momma's so fat, she wakes up in sections.
How did the blonde try to kill the bird?? She threw it off a cliff.
Q: How do you keep a blonde busy for 2 days? A: Give her a piece of paper that has "Please turn over" written on both sides.
Yo momma's so poor that she has to lick people's fingers when they come out of KFC!
Yo momma so fat when she registered for MySpace there was no space left.
Q: Why did the girl wear glasses in math class? A: It improves di-vision.
Being an astronaut is funny. It's the only job where you get fired before you start work.
Me: Would you like to be the sun in my life?Her: Awww... Yes!!!Me: Good then stay 92.96 million miles away from me
Yo momma so dumb, she tried to surf the microwave
Yo mama is so ugly she couldn't even get a date on the calendar.
Yo momma so fat she fell out of the family tree.
Q: How do you turn a cat into a fish? A: Tell the woman not to wash down there.
Men have two emotions, hungry and horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
What is the difference between Jesus, and a picture of Jesus? You can hang the picture with just one nail.
Yo mama's hair is so full of dandruff, when she shook her head, the principal called a snow day.
Q: What's the difference between Tom Cruise and a tuxedo? A: One comes out of the closet on special occasions and the other is a tuxedo.
Q: How do you get a blond on the roof? A: You tell her the food is on the house.
Yo momma is so fat, when she sat on an iPod, she made the iPad!
Yo momma so fat when she turned around we gave her a Welcome Back Party.
Yo mama so stupid she sold her car for gas money.
Did you hear about the Italian chef that died? Yeah, he pasta way.
Q: Why is the barn so noisy? A: Because the cows have horns.
Yo mama so ugly the Terminator said, "I won't be back."
Yo momma is so fat that when she saw a yellow school bus go by full of white kids she ran after it yelling, "TWINKIE!"
Q: What do cats eat for breakfast? A: Mice Krispies.
Q: What computer sings the best? A: A Dell.
Q: Why can't a bicycle stand up on its own? A: Because it's two tired.
The lord said unto John, "Come forth and receive eternal life," but john came fifth and won a toaster.
Q: What do dog poo and women have in common? A: The older they are, the easier they are to pick up.
Yo momma's so fat she passed the window and we lost light for 4 days.
How do blonde brain cells die?
 Alone.
Q: Did you hear about the guy who dreamed he was eating a giant marshmallow? A: When he woke up, his pillow was gone.
Q: What did the banana say to the doctor? A: "I'm not peeling well."
Why don't aliens eat clowns?
Because they taste funny.
Waiter: "Do you want any dessert?" Teddy Bear: "No Thanks. I'm Stuffed!"
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb? One, unless it's a black bulb, then he'll call for backup!
Yo momma is so fat when she sat on a quarter a booger came out of George Washington's nose.
Yo mama’s so old, when she breast feeds, people mistake her for a fog machine!
Q: Why do Italian men wear necklaces? A: To let them know where to stop shaving.
Yo mamma is so fat she doesn't need the internet, because she's already world wide.
Blonde: "What does IDK stand for?"
Brunette: "I don’t know."
Blonde: "OMG, nobody does!"
Yo mama so dark when I clicked on her profile pic, I thought my phone died.
Tell me, as an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
Q: What do you call a fish with no eyes? A: A fsh.
A blonde crashed a helicopter. A police officer asked her what happened. She says, "It got cold so I turned off the fan."
If your Uncle Jack was on his roof, and he wanted you to help him down, would you help your Uncle Jack off?
Yo mama is so fat when she took her dress to the dry cleaners they said, “Sorry, we don’t do curtains."
How did the blonde die drinking milk? The cow fell on her.
Instead of "the John," I call my toilet "the Jim." That way it sounds better when I say I go to the Jim first thing every morning.
What are you going to do for a face when the baboon calls and wants his ass back?
Man: "Wanna hear a joke about my penis? Oh never mind, it's too long."Woman: "Want to hear a joke about my vagina? Never mind, you'll never get it."
Q: Why is a river rich? A: It has banks on both sides.
Yo momma is so stupid that when thieves broke in and stole the tv, she ran outside and yelled to them,"Hey, you forgot the remote!"
Q: Why couldn't the blonde add 10 + 5 on a calculator? A: She couldn't find the "10" button.
Son: "Dad, there is someone at the door to collect donations for a community swimming pool." Father: "Okay, give him a glass of water."
Knock, knock. Who's there? I eat mop I eat mop who? Hah! You said, "I eat ma poo!"
Yo mama so ugly when she went to the bank they asked her to put on a ski mask.
Q: Why was the Malasian plane lost? A: Because an Asian was driving it!
Yo mama so fat, she has her own zip code.
Q: What did the spider do on the computer? A: Made a website!
Yo momma is so fat, I took a picture of her last Christmas and it's still printing.
"Johnny, why did you kick your brother in the stomach?" exclaimed the angry mother. “It was pure accident, Mama. He turned around.”
An old teacher asked her student, "If I say, 'I am beautiful,' which tense is that?" The student replied, "It is obviously past."
Hickory Dickory Dock. Two mice ran up the clock. The clock struck one and the other got away with minor injuries.
Q: What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend? A: He wiped his bum.
Teacher: What is the value of Pi?Student: Depending on what pie. Usually is $12.99
Q: Why did the blonde pee on the ground? A: Because she saw a sign that said 'Wet Floor.'
Q: Where does an animal go if it loses its tail? A: A retailer!
How did the Mexican girl get pregnant? Her teacher told her to do an essay.
Yo momma's so fat, she wore a black bathing suit to the pool and everyone yelled "oil spill!"
Q: Is Google male or female? A: Female, because it doesn't let you finish a sentence before making a suggestion.
Teacher: "Which book has helped you the most in your life?" Student: "My father's check book!"
The NSA: a government organization that actually listens to you!
Yo momma's so fat, her baby pictures were taken by satellite.
Your mom is so stupid I told her spring was around the corner and she went looking for it.
Q: Did you hear abut the hungry clock? A: It went back four seconds.
Yo mama so stupid, she got hit by a parked car.
Q: What's red and smells like blue paint? A: Red paint.
Where do you send Jewish kids with Attention Deficit Disorder? 
Concentration Camp!
Q: How do birds fly? A: They just wing it!
Me: Siri, where is the best place to hide a body?Siri: The second page of a Google search.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
Mother: "Sweetie, make a Christmas wish." Girl: "I wish that Santa will send some clothes to those naked girls in papa's computer."
Q: How can you tell if a blonde used a computer? A: There's Wite-Out all over the screen.
If you ever get cold, just stand in the corner of a room for a while. They're normally around 90 degrees.
Q: If a plane crashed on the Canada/USA border, where would the survivors be buried?A: You don't bury survivors.
Yo momma's so fat, she only knows 3 letters of the alphabet: KFC.
You know why we don't have Mexican Astronauts? It's because the countdown goes like this, "10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 Launch!  Lonch!?!? Vamos a comer..."
Yo momma's so fat, when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge, too.
Yo mama so fat that her yearbook picture was on page 20, 21, 22, and 23.
What's six inches long, two inches wide, and drives women wild?
Money.
Yo mama so old she was a waitress at the Last Supper.
Yo momma's so fat, when she ordered a water bed, they put a blanket over the Atlantic Ocean.
How do you fix a woman's watch? You don't. There is a clock on the oven.
Yo momma's so smelly, that when she spread her legs, I got seasick.
Q: What do you call a baptized Mexican? A: Bean dip.
Q: Why are most hurricanes named after women? A: Because when they come they are wet and wild and when they leave they take your house and your car.
How many mexicans does it take to build a roof? Juan.
A man got hit in the head with a can of Coke, but he was alright because it was a soft drink.
Yo mama so stupid she brought tea bags to the World Cup.
Did you hear about the butcher who backed up into the meat grinder? He got a little behind in his work.
Yo mamma is so ugly that when Justin Bieber saw her, he said "Never."
Yo momma is so fat when she sat on an iPad she made a plasma TV.
"Babe is it in?" "Yea."
"Does it hurt?" "Uh huh."
"Let me put it in slowly." "It still hurts."
"Okay, let's try another shoe size."
Here is a pick up line. "Hey girl, come sit on my lap and we could talk about the first thing that pops up."
Q: What has more lives than a cat?A: A frog because it croaks every night.
Q: What does the receptionist at the sperm clinic say when clients are leaving? A: “Thanks for coming!”
What do you call a marathon if all the runners are transvestites? A drag race.
Yo momma is so dumb she tripped over a cordless phone.
A teacher asks a student, "Are you ignorant or just apathetic?" The kid answers, "I don't know and I don't care."
Q: What do you get from a pampered cow? A: Spoiled milk.
Q: What did the mama cow say to the baby cow? A: "It's pasture bedtime."
A mother said to her son, "Look at that kid over there; he's not misbehaving." The son replied, "Maybe he has good parents then!"
A blind man walked into a fish market and said, "Hello ladies!"
Q: Why did the chicken cross the möbius strip? A: To get to the same side.
Yo momma is so stupid she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
Q: What's the most expensive Jewish wine? A: "I wanna go to Florida!"
Q: What did the ocean say to the beach?A: Nothing it just waved
What is the difference between acne and a Catholic priest?
Acne usually comes on a boy's face after he turns 12.
Q: How do you create light by using water? A: Clean the windows!
Yo mama so fat, when she sweats she causes a tsunami.
You've got your head so far up your ass you can chew your food twice.
Q: How do you make holy water? A: Boil the hell out of it.
Why doesn't Mexico have a Olympic team?Because everybody that can run, jump, and swim are already in the U.S
Q: What do you call a Caucasian person who swims across the border into Mexico? A: A white back.
Yo momma’s so ugly, when they took her to the beautician it took 12 hours – for a quote!
Yo mama's so fat, when she steps on a scale, it says, "Please step out of the car."
Yo momma so fat her favorite food is seconds.
How many blondes does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Too many to count.
What do get if you cross a Snowman with a Vampire? Frostbite.
Q: How many white people does it take to change a light bulb? A: All of them. 1 to hold it to the socket and the rest to screw the world.
What’s the biggest crime committed by transvestites? Male fraud.
Q: What do you call a sheep without legs and a head? A: A cloud.
Yo momma is so black, she got marked absent at night school.
Did you hear about the guy who died of a Viagra overdose? They couldn't close his casket.
Q: Why is sex like math? A: You add a bed, subtract the clothes, divide the legs, and pray there's no multiplying.
Q: Why did the tofu cross the road? A: To prove he wasn't chicken.
How do you get a one handed blonde down from a tree? Wave at her.
If you ever fart in public, just yell, "Turbo power!" and walk faster.
Q: Why shouldn't you make fun of a paleontologist? A: Because you will get Jurasskicked.
Q: Why did Cinderella fail at basketball?A: Because she had a pumpkin for a coach.
Yo momma is so fat when she stepped on the scale it read, "Get the hell off me!"
Yo mamma is so fat that when she went to the Gap, she filled it in.
Helium walks into a bar and asks for a drink. The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve noble gases here." Helium doesn't react.
They say that during sex you burn off as many calories as running 8 miles. Who the hell runs 8 miles in 30 seconds?
Q: Why did Cinderella get kicked off the soccer team? A: Because she ran away from the ball.
Why can’t Polish farmers raise chickens? They plant the eggs too deep.
Q: What starts with a P, ends with an E, and has a 1,000 letters? A: Post office.
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
Q: What do you call an alligator wearing a vest? A: An investigator.
I asked a Chinese girl for her number. She said, "Sex! Sex! Sex! Free sex tonight!" I said, "Wow!" Then her friend said, "She means 666-3629."
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common: they should both be changed regularly… and for the same reason.
Sex is like snow: you never know how many inches you are going to get or how long it is going to last.
What do you have when 100 lawyers are buried up to their necks in sand? Not enough sand.
Q: Who earns a living by driving his customers away? A: A taxi driver.
Why did the chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide!!
I decided to make my password "incorrect" because if I type it in wrong, my computer will remind me, "Your password is incorrect."
Yo mama so ugly she's the reason Sonic runs fast.
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my 17 brothers and sisters and they didn't know either.
Yo momma so stupid she stuck a battery up her ass and said, "I GOT THE POWER!"
Golfer: "I'd move heaven & earth to break 100 on this course." Caddy: "Try heaven; you've already moved most of the earth."
Q: What time is it when a elephant sits on a fence? A: Time to fix the fence.
Yo momma so short she can tie her shoes while standing up.
What happened to the blonde at the soccer stadium? 
She drowned in the Mexican wave.
Q: Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? A: It's okay. He woke up.
My friend thinks he is smart. He told me an onion is the only food that makes you cry, so I threw a coconut at his face.
Yo momma's so fat, she tripped over Wal-Mart, stumbled over K-Mart, and landed on Target.
Scientists have proven that there are two things in the air that have been known to cause women to get pregnant: their legs.
Yo momma is so short, you can see her feet on her driver's license.
Q: What is the tallest building in the entire world? A: The library, because it has so many stories.
Yo mamma is so fat that when she showed up to watch a sumo wrestling tournament, they gave her the trophy.
Q: What kind of key opens a banana? A: A monkey.
Q: Why did the skeleton cross the road? A: To get to the body shop.
Q: What do you call a nun in a wheelchair? A: Virgin Mobile
Contest in a girl's college: write a short story which contains religion, sex and mystery. Winner's story: "Oh god, I am pregnant, I wonder who did it."
Yo mamma's so fat her baby picture was taken by Neil Armstrong.
Q: What is white when it's dirty and black when it's clean? A: A chalkboard.
What's the difference between kinky and perverted? Kinky is when you tickle your girlfriend with a feather, perverted is when you use the whole bird.
Jack and Jill went up the hill so Jack could lick her candy. Jack got a shock, with a mouth full of cock, to find out Jill's real name was Randy.
Yo momma is so ashy, every time she rubs her arms it snows.
Q: Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? A: Because if it had four, it would be chicken sedan.
Q: Why did the coach go back to the bank? A: To get his quarterback!
Yo mama is so fat when she wants her photo taken she has to call Google Earth.
What's invisible and smells like carrots?
Rabbit farts.
You have so many gaps in your teeth, it looks like your tongue is in jail.
Q: Why do black people smell? A: So blind people can hate them too.
Man: Your place or mine?Woman: Both. You go to yours and I'll go to mine.
Q: How do astronomers organize a party? A: They planet.
If I was as ugly as you were, I wouldn't say "Hi" to people. I'd say "BOO!"
How do you kill a blonde? Put a scratch-and-sniff at the bottom of a pool.
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.
Got tasered picking up my friend from the airport today. Apparently security doesn't like it when you shout, "Hi Jack!"
Q: What do you call a skeleton in the closet? A: The 1863 Blonde Hide-and-Seek champion!
Listen, are you always this stupid or are you just making a special effort today?
Chuck Norris pulled the pin in a grenade, threw it, killed 50 men, and then the grenade exploded.
I love pressing F5. It is so refreshing.
What's the difference between a Jew and the San Antonio Spurs? The Spurs could beat the Heat.
Q: Why was six scared of seven? A: Because seven "ate" nine.
Q:What do you have when you cross a Puerto Rican and a Pollack?A: A graffiti artist who spray paints on chain linked fences.
Q: What do you call a Mexican that lost his car? A: Carlos.
Q: What’s the best thing about Switzerland? A: I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
A brunette and blonde are walking in the park when the brunette says, "Aw, look at the dead birdie." The blonde looks up and says, "Where?"
Q: What stays in one corner but travels around the world? A: A stamp.
Five out of six people agree that Russian Roulette is safe.
Q: Why does Humpty Dumpty love autumn? A: Because Humpty Dumpty had a great fall.
Your mama is so ugly even the tide won't take her out.
They say that married men live the longest. It's ironic, since they're the ones most willing to die.
Q: What happens once in a minute and twice in a moment but never in a decade? A: The letter "m."
Yo Momma's so dumb that when I told her it was chilly outside, she went and got a bowl.
Go ahead, tell them everything you know. It'll only take 10 seconds.
What did the blonde say when she saw the Cheerios box?
"Omg, donut seeds!"
I knew a blonde that was so stupid, she put lipstick on her forehead because she wanted to make up her mind.
Yo momma is so fat you need to take two trains and a bus just to get on her good side.
Q: What did the math book say to its therapist? A: I've got a lot of problems.
Yo mamma so fat, when she plays paintball her teammates hide behind her.
Q: What is 6.9? A: A really great thing ruined by a period.
Yo mama is so fat that black holes try to escape her.
What do you call a Mexican basketball player? Mexi-cant.
A man asks a woman, "Haven't I seen you someplace before?" The woman responds, "Yeah, that's why I don't go there anymore."
Q: What does a skeleton order at a restaurant? A: Spare ribs!
"Boob" is the perfect word. "B" looks like a birds-eye view of them, "oo" look like them face on, and "b" looks like it from the side!
Teacher: "Where was the Constitution of India signed?" Student: "At the bottom of the page!"
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
Did you hear about the little Polish kid who got diarrhea? 
He thought he was melting.
Your mama so old her first Christmas was the first Christmas.
Q: Why is the letter B very cool? A: Because it's sitting in the AC.
Q: Where do eggplants come from? A: Chicken plants.
A man driving a car hits a woman. Whose fault is it? The man's.  Why was he driving in the kitchen?
Q: What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob? A: "We better get some support before someone thinks we're nuts!"
Q: What do you call security guards working outside Samsung shops? A: Guardians of the Galaxy.
Yo momma is so ugly even Hello Kitty said, "Goodbye" to her
Q: Why did the painting go to jail? A: It was framed.
Q: Why didn't the man report his stolen credit card?A: The thief was spending less then his wife.
Yo momma's so fat, the only way to get her out of a telephone booth is to grease her thighs and throw a Twinkie in the street.
A man put out a classified ad that read, "Wife wanted." The next day he received a hundred responses all saying the same thing: "You can have mine."
Yo mama is so stupid, she wanted to cancel a hockey game due to ice on the field.
Why is a blonde girl staring at the orange juice box?
The orange juice box says, "Concentrated."
Yo Mama is so fat, when she pressed the UP button on the elevator it went DOWN.
You are so ugly, the last time you got a piece of ass was when your hand slipped through the toilet paper.
Q: Why do centipedes have 100 legs? A: So they can walk.
Two men broke into a drugstore and stole all the Viagra. The police put out an alert to be on the lookout for the two hardened criminals.
Why do woman have two sets of lips?
One set to tell you off with, and the other to make you forget you're mad!
Q: Did you hear about the kidnapping at school?A: Its OK. He woke up.
What do the female reindeer do when Santa takes the male reindeer out on Christmas Eve? They go into town and blow a few bucks.
What's faster than a cheetah? 
A Jew with a coupon!
I saved a bunch of money on car insurance by switching to reverse and leaving the scene.
Did you hear about the Iranian who locked himself out of his car?  It took three hours to get his family out of it.
Q: How can you drop a raw egg onto a concrete floor without cracking it? A: Any way you want, concrete floors are very hard to crack.
Q: What do you call a dog with no legs?A: It does not matter, it's not going to come.
What is the difference between garbage and an Irish girl?  Garbage gets picked up.
Yo momma so dumb when I said, "Drinks on the house," she got a ladder.
How do you starve a black person? Put their food stamp card under their workboots!
I just read a book about Helium. It was so good that I can't put it down.
Why do Jewish people love air? Because it's free.
How many Polacks does it take to screw in a light bulb. 10, one to screw in the light bulb and nine to hold the ladder.
Yo mama is so hairy she shaves with a weed-whacker.
Q: Why is Santa Claus' sack so big? A: He only comes once a year.
Why did the dog sit in the shade? Because he didn't want to be a hot dog!
Q: Did your hear about the man with a broken left arm and broken left leg?A: Don't worry he's "ALRIGHT" now!
What time do Chinese people go to the dentist? Tooth hurty (2:30)
A man walks by a blonde, who is holding a pig. The man asks, "Where did you get her?" The pig answered, "I won her at the fair."
Yo mama so fat she fell in love and broke it.
Did you hear about the blonde that got excited? She finished a jigsaw puzzle in six months, when the box said, "two to four years."
Q: Why did Captain Kirk go in to the ladies room? A: Because he wanted to go where no man had gone before.
How do you blindfold a Chinese person?
Put floss over their eyes.
Yo momma so ugly she is the reason they turn off the lights at the movie theater.
Three potatoes are standing on a corner. Which one is the prostitute? The one saying, "I-DA-HO."
How do you confuse a blonde? Put her in a circle and tell her to go to the corner.
If Mary had Jesus, and Jesus is the lamb of God, does that mean Mary had a little lamb?
Hold still, I'm trying to imagine you with a personality.
Four gay guys are sitting in a Jacuzzi when all of a sudden, a condom starts floating. One of the gay guys turns around and asks, "Okay, who farted?"
Q: Why does a milking stool only have 3 legs? A: Because the cow has the utter.
What's the difference between sin and shame?
It's a sin to put it in, but it's a shame to pull it out.
Q: Why did the school kids eat their homework? A: Because their teacher told them it was a piece of cake.
If tomatoes are a fruit, isn't ketchup a smoothie?
Golfer: "Do you think my game is improving?"Caddy: "Yes sir, you miss the ball much closer now."
Q: Why is a baseball game a good place to go on a hot day? A: Because there are lots of fans.
Why did so many black men get killed in Vietnam?
When the generals would yell, "Get down!" they would all start dancing.
How is Christmas like your job? You do all the work and the fat guy in the suit gets all the credit.
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down?It gets toad away.
If money doesn't grow on trees, why do banks have branches?
Q: What do you call the child of parents from Iceland and Cuba? A: An ice cube.
Q: What do KFC and pussy have in common? A: Both are finger lickin' good and after you are done eating you have a box to put the bone in.
Yo momma's so fat, that when she went to the zoo, the hippos got jealous.
Q. What did the elephant say to the naked man? A. "How do you breathe through something so small?"
Your mamma's so fat people jog around her for exercise.
Q: Why did the witches' team lose the baseball game? A: Their bats flew away.
I was wondering why the ball kept getting bigger and bigger, and then it hit me.
Did you hear about the two bald guys who put their heads together? They made an ass out of themselves!
If you call one of those psychic hotlines and they don't greet you by your name, you should hang up!
Yo momma's so fat, when she gets in an elevator, it has to go down.
Mother: "Are you talking back to me?!"Son: "Well yeah, that's kinda how communication works."
Q: What did the blanket say when it fell of the bed? A: "Oh sheet!"
Your mama is so stupid she thought fruit punch was a gay boxer.
Yo mamma is so fat she walked past the TV and I missed 3 episodes.
Yo mama's so fat, her soup bowl came with a lifeguard.
Wife: "Our new neighbor always kisses his wife when he leaves for work. Why don't you do that?"Husband: "How can I? I don't even know her."
Your face looks like it caught on fire and somebody tried to put it out with a fork.
Q: Why shouldn't you give Elsa a balloon? A: Because she'll let it go!
What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine? A BMW has pricks on the inside!
Yo momma's like a bowling ball: finger that bitch, then chunk her in the gutter.
Q: What happens when you cross a shark with a cow? A: I don't know but I wouldn't milk it.
Q: Why couldn't Dracula’s wife get to sleep? A: Because of his coffin.
Student: "Should I get in trouble for something I didn't do?"
Teacher: "No."
Student: "Good, because I didn't do my homework."
Yo momma so stupid, she wanted an apple and went to the Apple Store.
Pardon me, but you've obviously mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.
Yo mamma is so ugly, she scared the shit out of the toilet.
Yo momma's so fat, when I swerved to avoid her in the street I ran outta gas.
Yp mama so fat, she caused millions of dollar property damage.
Q: Why can't blondes tie shoes? A: They just can't grasp the concept that the long thing goes around the hole, not into it.
Yo momma's so fat, she's on both sides of the family.
Yo momma so fat her belt loops have mile markers.
Question: What did one toilet roll say to the other toilet roll? Answer: "People keep on ripping me off!"
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot you fucking racist.
Your teeth are so big when you sneeze you bite your chest.
Why did the turkey cross the road? Because he wasn't a chicken.
What do you call men who use the pull out method? 
Fathers
Yo mama is like a campfire: everybody gets to stick their wieners in.
Yo momma's so fat, she got baptized at Sea World.
Yo momma is so fat that Dora can't even explore her!
One woman I was dating called and said, "Come on over, there's nobody home." I went over. Nobody was home.
Q: What do you get when you cross a fish and an elephant? A: Swimming trunks.
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy, so I said, "I want a second opinion." He said, "Okay, you're ugly too."
Q: Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? A: Because then it'd be a foot!
Yo mama's so stupid she put paper on the television and called it paper view.
Want to hear a Potassium joke? K.
Q: What kind of bees make milk instead of honey? A: Boo-bees
If I ever need a brain transplant, I'd choose yours because I'd want a brain that had never been used.
Yo mama's teeth so yellow, I can't believe its not butter.
What do you call a blonde with a brain? A golden retriever.
Yo mama so ugly she gives Freddy Krueger nightmares.
I left my Adderall in my Ford Fiesta, now it’s a Ford Focus.
A politician will find an excuse to get out of anything except office.
Yo momma is so poor for Christmas she took a box, put two sticks on it, spun it around, and said, "Here's your Xbox 360."
Q: What's red and bad for your teeth? A: A brick.
Yo momma so stupid it took her four hours to watch "60 Minutes."
Q: What does a lawyer wear to work?A: A law suit.
Yo momma's so fat, she fell into the Grand Canyon and got stuck!
Yo mama is so dumb, where it said, "Do not write here" on her application, she wrote "Ok."
Q: Why do Asians hate football? A: Because they spend 13 hours a day making them.
I've been in love with the same woman for 20 years. If my wife finds out, she'll kill me.
Yo momma is so ugly her momma had to tie a steak around her neck to get the dog to lick her.
Q: When can women make you a millionaire? A: When you're a billionaire.
Q: Who cares if you pee in the shower?A: The bride and all her guests, apparently.
Q: Why did the reporter rush into the ice cream shop?A: He was looking for a scoop.
Bill Clinton is no longer playing the saxophone. He is now playing the whore-Monica.
Q: What did the green grape say to the purple grape? A: "Breathe, stupid!"
Q: Have you heard about McDonald’s new Obama Value Meal? A: Order anything you like and the guy behind you has to pay for it.
Q: Why do hamburgers go to the gym A: To get better buns!
Q: Why did King Kong climb the Empire State Building? A: He couldn't fit in the elevator
Yo momma so stupid, when she saw YMCA, she said, "Look, they spelled Macy's wrong."
What do you call a Greek with 500 girlfriends? A shepherd.
Teacher: "Name a bird with wings but can't fly." Student: "A dead bird, sir."
What does Pinocchio's lover say to him? "Lie to me! Lie to me!"
Sure, I've seen people like you before, but I had to pay an admission fee.
Yo mama's so fat when I pictured her in my head she broke my neck.
Q: What starts with E, ends with E, and has only 1 letter in it? A: Envelope.
I named my hard drive "dat ass," so once a month my computer asks if I want to "back dat ass up."
I had sex with a Chinese woman last night. It was great, but an hour later I was STILL horny!
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
Q: Why don't blondes like to make Kool-Aid? A: They can't fit 8 quarts of water in that tiny little packet.
Q: Why did the old woman put roller skates on her rocking chair? A: Because she wanted to rock and roll.
Q. What do clouds do when they become rich?A. They make it rain!
How can you tell when a brunette is actually a blonde who dyes her hair? When she trips over the cordless phone.
Yo Mama So Stupid She Climbed A Glass Wall To See What Was On The Other Side
If the right side of the brain controls the left side of the body, then lefties are the only ones in their right mind.
Q: Why do bunnies have soft sex? A: They have cotton balls.
Q: How come oysters never donate to charity? A: Because they are shellfish.
Yo Momma so old, God was her first boyfriend.
Your momma is so stupid she put airbags on her computer in case it crashed.
You've got the perfect weapon against muggers. Your face.
Q: What do you call the space between Kim Kardashian's breasts and butt cheeks? A: Silicon Valley.
Q: Why can't orphans play baseball? A: Because they don't know where home is.
Q: What type of sandals do frogs wear? A: Open-toad!
Q: What is the difference between Tiger Woods and Santa Claus? A: Santa stops after three hos.
Yo momma is so fat she went to church with heels on and when she came back home they were flats.
Q: What did one wall say to the other wall? A: "Meet you at the corner!"
Yo mama so black, I shot at her and the bullet came back and asked for a flashlight
Yo mama so old, she knew 50 Cent when he was only a quarter.
Yo mamma is so fat, Bill Gates became broke after buying her dinner.
Yo Momma's so fat when I told her to touch her toes she said, "What are those"?
Yo momma so fat she wakes up on both sides of the bed.
Yo mama so fat, she doesn't need internet, she's already worldwide.
Research shows that 80% of men don’t know how to use condoms. These men are called dads.
Helen Keller walks into a bar, then a table, then a chair.
Yo mama so fat that when aliens came to invade us they said, "Wow! Two planets in one."
Yo momma is so stupid she brought a spoon to the super bowl.
Man: I want to give myself to you.Woman: Sorry, I don't accept cheap gifts.
How do you make five pounds of fat look good? Put a nipple on it!
I have received hundreds of replies to my ad for a husband. They all say the same thing - "Take mine."
Q: What is the difference between a Harley and a vacuum cleaner? A: The location of the dirt bag.
You know you're getting old when your wife says, "Honey, lets run upstairs and make love," and you answer, "I can't do both."
Yo momma's so fat, when she went to the beach, the whales sang, "We are family!"
Did you hear about the Chinese couple that had a black baby?They named it Sum Ting Wong
Q: Why did the blonde put water on her computer? A: To wash the Windows.
Q: Why were there 17 blondes standing outside the pub?A: Because the sign said you have to be 18 to enter.
Yo mamma so fat when she died she broke the stairway to heaven .
My friend told me he had the body of a Greek god. I had to explain to him that Buddha is not Greek.
A: Why does your nose run?B: Because it can't walk.
Your momma is so old when her breast milk comes out it's powder.
Q: What's the difference between a nun and a woman in a bathtub? A: One has hope in her soul and one has soap in her hole.
Q: Why are fish easy to weigh? A: Because they have their own scales.
What kind of sushi does Lady Gaga eat? Raw, raw, raw, raw, rawwww!
Yo momma's so fat, that when she fell, no one was laughing but the ground was cracking up.
Q: What do you call a pig that does karate? A: A pork chop.
Q: When the smog lifts in Los Angeles, what happens? A: UCLA.
What do your boss and a slinky have in common? They’re both fun to watch tumble down the stairs.
Q: What do you call someone without a nose or a body? A: Nobodynose.
Teacher: "I asked you to draw a cow and grass, but I only see a cow. Where is grass?" Student: "The cow ate the grass, sir."
Q: What do u call a seagull flying over the bay?A: A bagel.
Yo momma's so hairy when she went too the zoo everybody screamed, "The gorilla's loose!"
Q.  What can you give and keep at the same time?A.  A cold!
Yo mamma so stupid she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order.
Yo mama is so ugly she made my happy meal cry
Yo mama's so broke that she couldn't even pay attention.
How to be Insulting in Church: Sing out of tune in all the hymns and try singing half a line behind everyone else.
Yo momma's so ugly, the government moved Halloween to her birthday!
Q: What do you call stoned Mexicans? A: Baked beans.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
Q: What is the dirtiest line said on television? A: "Ward, I think you were a little hard on the Beaver last night."
What did the egg say after he was put in a pot of boiling water? I just got laid by a chick and now I'm getting hard.
Q: Why do witches wear name tags? A: To know which witch is which!
When I was young, I used to eat a lot because my parents told me that fat kids are harder to kidnap.
Q: How does Moses make his tea? A: Hebrews it.
Q: How do fish get high? A: Seaweed.
What do you call an Indian man which is on fire?Ima Singin.
If athletes get athletes foot, what do astronauts get? Missletoe!
Blonde: "What is the second to last letter of the alphabet?" Redhead: "Y." Blonde: "Because I want to know. Why do you have to question everything?!"
How do white fairytales start? "Once upon a time," How do black fairytales start? "N*** you ain't gonna believe this!"
I had a broken vacuum, then I put a One Direction sticker on it and it suddenly sucked again.
Your Halloween costume came in the mail today. I opened it. It was a rooster mask and a bag of lollipops. Going as a c*ck sucker again!?
Yo momma's so fat she needs cheat codes for Wii Fit.
Q: What do computers eat for a snack? A: Microchips!
Q: What city are you in when you drop your waffle on the beach? A: Sandy Eggo.
Yo mama so skinny she can dodge raindrops.
What do you call a mexican shopping at Nordstrom's? Lost......
Yo momma is so ugly that when the Kool-Aid man broke through her wall he said, "Oh noooo!"
How do you embarrass an archaeologist? Show him a used tampon and ask, "What period is this from?"
Patient: "I get a terrible pain in my eye when I drink a cup of coffee." Doctor: "Try taking the spoon out."
What is so great about being a test tube baby? You get a womb with a view.
Q: What did Gandhi say to the British, after they asked him to move? A: Nah, mastay.
Q: How do you make NY Jets cookies? A: Put them in a bowl and beat them for three hours.
Yo momma so ugly her pillow cries at night!
Yo mama so poor her front door and back door are on the same hinges.
Yo momma's so fat she puts a cup of water in the bathtub and it still overflows!
Class trip to the Coca-Cola factory today. I hope there's no pop quiz.
Yo mamma is so old she knew Burger King when he was a prince.
Q: What’s the difference between a smart blonde and a unicorn? A: Nothing, they're both fictional characters.
A black guy has three wishes. He wishes to be white, uptight, and out of sight. Poof, he's a tampon.
Why is Christmas just like a day at the office? You do all the work and the fat guy with the suit gets all the credit.
How many cops does it take to arrest a Mexican? 
Eight. One to carry him, the rest to carry his oranges.
Yo momma is so stupid she tried to climb Mountain Dew.
Why did Humpty Dumpty push his girlfriend off the wall?So he could see her crack!
The difference between like and love is spit and swallow.
What do you get when you cross a corrupt lawyer with a crooked politician? Chelsea Clinton.
Q: Why do the French eat snails?A: They don't like fast food.
A patient says, “Doctor, can I get AIDS from a toilet seat?”
The doctor replies, “Yes, but only by sitting down before the last guy gets up.”
What did the blonde say when she found out she was pregnant?
I wonder if it's mine.
Why does the Polish Navy have glass-bottomed boats? 
So they can see the old Polish Navy.
If I wanted to listen to an asshole, I'd fart.
Three words to ruin a man's ego. "Is it in?"
Bob: "Why did the chicken cross the road?" Joe: "To get to the idiot's house." Bob: "Knock knock." Joe: "Who's there?" Bob: "The chicken."
Yo momma's so fat and old when God said, "Let there be light," he asked your mother to move out of the way.
When Magnesium and Oxygen started dating I was like, "O MG!"
Yo momma's breath smelled so bad when she walked by a clock it said, "Tic Tac."
I went to the bank the other day and asked the banker to check my balance, so she pushed me!
Q: Why do seagulls fly over the sea? A: Because if they flew over the bay they'd be bagels.
Three blondes walk into a building.  You'd think one of them would've seen it.....
Your family tree must be a cactus, because everyone in it is a prick.
What do you do when your wife is staggering? Shoot her again.
Q: What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A: A thesaurus.
Why did the blonde put her iPad in a blender? Because she wanted to make apple juice.
What did the psychiatrist say when a man wearing nothing but saran wrap walked in to the office?
I can clearly see "you're" nuts....
Yo mama is so small she can't even get high.
Don't break anybody's heart; they only have 1. Break their bones; they have 206.
Teacher: "Jill, where is the America on the map?" Jill: "Right there, ma'am." Teacher: "Correct. Now, Jack, tell me who found America." Jack: "Jill."
Your momma is so hairy when she opens her legs it says "Welcome to Busch Gardens."
Q: What did the hurricane say to the palm tree? A: "Better hold onto your nuts because this is no ordinary blowjob."
Yo momma's so fat, she has more rolls than a bakery.
Yo momma's so fat, even Dora can't explore her.
Q: What starts with F and ends with U-C-K?A: Firetruck.
Q: Whats the difference between a politician and a snail? A: One is slimy, a pest, and leaves a trail everywhere and the other is a snail.
Yo mama is so stupid she came over to my house and shouted in my mailbox to leave me voicemail.
Yo mamma is so ugly when she took a bath the water jumped out.
Yo momma is so short, when she went to meet Santa he said, "Go back to work!"
Yo momma's so stupid, she thought Dickies were condoms for kids.
If I throw a stick, will you go away?
Q: What do you call two Mexicans playing basketball? A: Juan on Juan.
Whoever invented knock knock jokes should get a no bell prize.
Your momma so ugly she has to sneak up on the mirror.
Q: What kind of car does Jesus drive? A: A Christler.
You're lucky to be born beautiful, unlike me, who was born to be a big liar.
Yo momma is so poor she went running after the garbage truck with a grocery list.
God made rivers, God made lakes, God made you, Hell, everyone makes mistakes.
Q: What do elves learn in school? A: The Elfabet.
Yo momma is so poor that when I asked her whats for dinner tonight she lit her pocket on fire and said, "hot pocket."
What do you call a black guy flying a plane?
A pilot, you racist.
Yo mama is so stupid she took the puzzle back to the store because she thought it was broken!
Q.  What's a shark's favorite sandwich? A.  Peanut butter and jellyfish!
Yo momma is so fat when she sat on WalMart, she lowered the prices.
Teacher: "What is the chemical formula for water?" Student: "HIJKLMNO." Teacher: "What are you talking about?" Student: "Yesterday you said it's H to O!"
Q: How do you turn white chocolate into dark chocolate? A: Turn off the light.
Q: Why cant you hear a pterodactyl pee? A: Because the "p" is silent.
When my girlfriend said she was leaving because of my obsession with The Monkees, I thought she was joking. And then I saw her face.
Yo mama's so stupid she studies for a blood test.
Scientists have discovered a food that diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90%. It's called a wedding cake.
My friend said he knew a man with a wooden leg named Steve, so I asked him, "What's the name of his other leg?"
Q: Why did the blonde return the puzzle? A: It was broken.
Women might be able to fake orgasms, but men can fake a whole relationship.
A wife asked her husband, "Honey, will you still love me when I am old and overweight?" The man replied, "Yes, I do."
Teacher: "Answer this math problem: if your father earns $500 a week and gives half to your mother. What will he have?" Student: "A heart attack."
If you were born in September, it's pretty safe to assume that your parents started their new year with a bang.
If women aren't supposed to be in the kitchen, then why do they have milk and eggs inside them?!
Q: Did you hear about the guy who drank 8 Cokes? A: He burped 7Up.
Q: Why shouldn't Facebook have paid $1 billion dollars for Instagram? A: They could've downloaded it for free!
Q. What's an astronaut's favorite social media website?A. MySpace
Q: What do you call a belt with a watch on it? A: A waist of time.
Q: What did the beaver say to the tree? A: "It's been nice gnawing you!"
Why are there no K-Marts in Syria?Cause there are targets everywhere!
Q: How can you get four suits for a dollar? A: Buy a deck of cards.
Yo mama is so ugly when the devil saw her, he started praying.
Q: Why are there no knock knock jokes about America? A: Because freedom rings!
Q: What did the magnet say to the other magnet? A: I find you very attractive!
Q: Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? A: Of course. The Empire State Building can't jump.
You're so fat you're the reason why the Earth is tilted.
Q: Why did the one armed man cross the road? A: To get to the second hand shop.
What happens if a Asian with an erection walks into a wall? He breaks his nose
Q: What do you call a rabbit that has fleas? A: Bugs bunny.
Yo momma so stupid when she went to Subway, she asked for a ticket to Chicago.
Q: Why are Helium, Curium, and Barium the medical elements? A: Because if you can't heal-ium or cure-ium, you bury-um.
Q: Why don't cannibals eat comedians? A: They taste funny.
How many men does it take to open a beer? None. It should be opened by the time she brings it.
Chintu: "You never study, so how come you don't fail your math tests?" Pintu: "Because whenever there is a math test, I don't go to school!"
Yo mama is just like a lawn mower: everyone gets a push.
Nurse: "The invisible man is here for his appointment." Doctor: "Tell him I'm sorry I can't see him right now."
How to be Insulting in Theaters: Noisy wrappings on sweets can be unwrapped at moments of tension when the rest of the theatre is silent.
Teacher: "What is the present tense for the sentence 'I killed  someone'?" Student: "The present tense would be 'I am in prison.'"
Yo momma's so dumb, when y'all were driving to Disneyland, she saw a sign that said "Disneyland left," so she went home.
Teacher: How much is a gram?Tyronne: Uhmm, depends on what you need
Yo mama so fat she got a job at the movie theater as the screen!
Why isn't the turkey hungry at Thanksgiving? Because he's already stuffed!
Why did Mickey Mouse go to space? To visit Pluto.
Q: Why did the dinosaur cross the road? A: Chickens didn't exist yet.
Q: Why are blonde jokes so short? A: So brunettes can remember them.
Have you heard about the two gay Irishmen? 
Mike Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzmike.
You're so stupid, you threw a rock at the ground and missed.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
Q: What's the difference between America and yogurt? A: If you leave yogurt alone for 200 years, it develops a culture.
Q: Have you heard about the new restaurant called Karma? A: There’s no menu; you get what you deserve.
Yo momma so dumb that when she was locked in a grocery store she starved!
That isn't your forehead, it's your hair trying to run away from your face!
What's the difference between yogurt and Italians? Yogurt has a working culture.
What do u call two Mexicans playing basketball? Juan-on-Juan.
''Doctor, my nose is 11 inches long!"''Come back when it grows into a foot!"
This is Ima Singin, I am really offended by this joke.There is Sum Ting Wong with your sense of humor if you think thats funny
Your mama is so fat that her BMI is measured in acres.
Q: What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? A: Sneakers.
Q: Why did the man take toilet paper to the party? A: Because he was a party pooper.
Q: What's the last thing that goes through a bug's mind as it hits your windshield? A: Its butt.
Teacher: "What is the largest city?" Student: "Electricity!"
Why did the tomato turn red? Because he saw the salad dressing!
So I asked a blonde, "Which is closer, Florida or the Sun?"
She said, "The Sun, because I can look up and see it.
Q: Why didn’t the melons get married? A: Because they cantaloupe.
Q: Why can't you trust an atom? A: Because they make up everything.
Q: Why couldn't the leopard play hide and seek? A: Because he was always spotted.
Why do Mexican kids eat tamales on Christmas? 
So they can have something to unwrap.
If Thanksgiving is your left leg and Christmas is your right leg, can I visit between the holidays?
Yo momma is so stupid that she sat on the TV to watch the couch.
Q: How are U.F.Os and smart Blondes in common? A: You keep hearing about them but you never see them!
Yo momma is so stupid when I told her Christmas is right around the corner she went looking for it.
What do you see when the Pillsbury Doughboy bends over?
Doughnuts!
20 years ago we had Johnny Cash, Bob Hope, and Steve Jobs. Now we have no cash, no hope, and no jobs.
In the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth... After that, everything else was made in China.
Knock, knock. Who's there? Ach. Ach who? Bless you! Need a tissue?
Q: Why did the dinosaur cross the road?A: Because chickens weren't around yet.
Yo mama's armpit is so hairy it looks like she has Bigfoot in a headlock.
Yo momma so stupid she stuck a phone up her butt and thought she was making a booty call!
Yo mama is so fat that when she takes a shower her feet don't get wet.
Q: Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? A: In case he got a hole in one.
Q: How do you make a witch itch? A: Take away her "w".
Q: What do you get when you cross a chicken and a vacuum? A: A cocksucker.
What is easier to pick up the heavier it gets? Women.
Q: What do you call a Filipino contortionist? A: A Manila folder.
Q: How do you drown a blonde in a submarine? A: Knock on the door.
Why is Santa Claus so jolly? Because he knows where all the naughty girls live.
Q: What's the difference between England and a teabag? A: A teabag could stay in the cup for longer.
Q: What do you call a midget psychic who just escaped from prison? A: A small medium at large.
You're lucky mirrors don't talk, or laugh for that matter.
Q: Why are atoms Catholic? A: Because they have mass.
Q: Why were there bullet holes in the mirror? A: A blonde tried killing herself.
Insult: If you were any dumber, your head would implode.Response: If you were a little bit more intelligent you'd still be stupid.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable, like a coma.
How many snowboarders does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 50: 3 to die trying, 1 to actually pull it off, and 46 other to say, "man, I could do that!"
A man was walking down the street and saw a sign in a store window that said "Help Wanted," so the man ran in the store and yelled out, "What's wrong?!"
There's a new drug for lesbians on the market to cure depression, it's called Trycoxagain.
A German asks a Mexican if they have any Jews in Mexico. The Mexican says, “Sí, we have orange jews, apple jews, and grape jews!”
Yo momma is so fat she sat on the rainbow and Skittles came out.
Life is like a penis: women make it hard for no reason.
Yo momma's so fat, when we asked her what her hometown is, she said, "Buffet."
Q: How do you confuse a blonde?A: Give her a box of corn flakes and tell her it's a jigsaw puzzle.
Yo mamma's so stupid, she uses hair spray to clean her pet rabbit!
Yo momma's so fat, her belt size is "Equator."
Yo momma's so fat, when she jumped for joy she got stuck!
Girlfriend: "Am I pretty or ugly?" Boyfriend: "You're both." Girlfriend: "What do you mean?" Boyfriend: "You're pretty ugly."
Yo mama is so stupid, she walked into Walgreens and said, "These walls ain't green."
Roses are red. Violets are blue. I have five fingers; The middle one's for you.
What is a Mexican's favorite sport? Cross-country.
Yo mamma's so stupid, she thought Free Willy was a porno film.
I told my wife that I would get a tattoo on my pecker of a one-million dollar bill. This way she can blow a million bucks without leaving the house.
Yo Momma's teeth are so yellow, that when she smiles, traffic slows down!
Q: Why are ghosts bad liars? A: You can see right through them.
Yo momma so stupid, she tried to talk into an envelope to send a voicemail.
Q: How many politicians does it take to change a light bulb? A: Two: one to change it and another one to change it back again.
Yo momma so hairy Bigfoot took a picture of HER!
I don't mind that you are talking, so long as you don't mind that I'm not listening.
Q: What did the 30 degree angle say to the 90 degree angle? A: "You think you're always right!"
Q: What does a nosy pepper do? A: It gets jalapeño business.
Q: What's the difference between a wife and a mistress? A: About fifty pounds.
Q: What has eight arms and an IQ of 60? A: Four guys drinking Bud Light and watching a football game!