Yo momma's so stupid, she put two quarters in her ears and thought she was listening to 50 Cent.
Q.  What did the pop star do when he locked himself out? A.  He sang until he found the right key!
Yo momma is so ugly her parents had to feed her with a slingshot.
A neutron walks into a bar and says, "I'd like a beer. How much will that be?" The bartender responds, "For you? No charge!"
Yo mamma so stupid she put two M&M's in her ear and said she was listening to Eminem.
Q: What's the difference between Jew Jesus and Black Jesus? A: Jew Jesus was born in a stable. Black Jesus was born into an unstable home.
Yo mama jokes are old and overused just like yo mama!
Q. what do you call a bear with no teethA. A gummy bear
Yo momma so crusty Pizza Hut is jealous.
Yo mama so old she knew Mr. Clean when he had an Afro.
Yo momma is so fat that when she went to the beach a whale swam up and sang, "We are family, even though you're fatter than me."
How did you get here? Did someone leave your cage open?
Q: What did the big chimney say to the little chimney? A: "You're too young to smoke."
Q: How can you tell a blonde is having a bad day? A: She can't find her pencil and her tampon is behind her ear.
Q: What do you call a T-Rex's bruise? A: A dino-sore.
Q.  What is the color of the wind? A.  Blew.
Q: How do you fix a broken tuba? A: With a tuba glue.
Yo Momma's so poor I stepped in a puddle, and her head popped out and said, "WHAT ARE YOU DOINF IN MY BATHTUB!?"
A husband says to his wife, "You know, our son got his brain from me." The wife replies, "I think he did. I still got mine with me!"
Yo momma is so stupid, she put a quarter in a parking meter and said, "Where's my gumball?"
Yo momma is so fat she tripped over Tokyo and landed in Hawaii.
Q: What do cheap hotels and designer jeans have in common?A: No ballroom.
Yo mama so fat, Dracula sucked her blood and got diabetes.
Q: What type of book has only characters and no story? A: A telephone book.
Q: Why do pirates not know the alphabet?A: They always get stuck at "c."
When a man opens the car door for his wife, you can be sure of one thing, either the car is new or the wife is.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea?Because if they flew over the bay, they would be called bagles
Yo mama's so old she used to babysit Jesus.
Q: Why do Chinese people have Chinese babies? A: Because two Wongs don't make a white.
What do women and screen doors have in common? The more you bang them, the looser they get.
Q: What do you do with a sick scientist? A: Well if you can't helium and you can't curium then you might as well barium
What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish wake? One less drunk Irishman.
Q: What does a clam do on its birthday? A: Shellabrate!
Yo mama is so fat that when she talks to herself, it’s a long distance call.
Q: Why did Adele cross the road? A: To sing, "Hello from the other side!"
Yo mamma's so fat, I don't have to make a joke.
Q: What do you call two black men in a red sleeping bag? A: A Kit Kat.
There once was a man named Sweeney. He spilled some gin on his weenie. That being uncouth, He dipped it in vermouth, And slipped his wife a dry martini.
Yo mama is so old that when she farts, dust comes out!
Q: What is a tree's favorite drink? A: Root beer.
Yo mama so fat I tried driving around her and I ran out of gas.
Yo mama is so fat, when she stepped on a scale it said, "One person at a time please."
If pigs could fly, your mom would have wings.
Q: What has four wheels and flies? A: A garbage truck.
Q: Why do blondes have "TGIF" written on their shoes? A: To remind them Toes Go In First.
Q: What is a mummy's favorite type of music? A: Wrap!
Yo mama so fat when stepped on a scale she said, "How does it know my credit card number?"
Yo momma is such a ho they call her house Kum & Go because all the men "Kum & Go."
Q: How did boobs got their name? A: From the top view it looks like a B, the front view looks like oo, and the side view looks like a b.
Yo momma is so fat, she puts lipstick on with a paint roller.
Q: How do you get 500 old cows in a barn? A: Put up a Bingo sign.
Q: Why do blondes leave empty beer cans in their refrigerator? A: For their friends that don't drink.
Q. How much room is needed for fungi to grow?A. As mushroom as possible
Girl: "Girls are better than boys."Boy: "Then why did God make boys first?"Girl: "Duh, you have to have a rough draft before the final copy."
Q: How can you get a blonde to laugh on Saturday?A: Tell her a joke on Wednesday.
Q: How does Albus get into Hogwarts?A: Through the Dumble-door.
Why is it that the people with the smallest minds always have the biggest mouths?
Q: My boyfriend is as beautiful as Frank Sinatra and as intelligent as Albert Einstein; what is his name? A: Frankenstein.
Why can't Miss Piggy count to 100?
Because when she gets to 69 she has a frog in her throat.
If ugliness were bricks, you'd be the Great Wall of China!
"Knock, knock." "Who's there?" "Nobel." "Nobel who?" "No bell that's why I knocked."
How are black people and tornadoes the same? It only takes one to ruin a good neighborhood.
How many men does it take to change a roll of toilet paper? I don't know, it has never happened.
Yo mamma is so hairy when you were born you had carpet burn.
Yo momma's so fat she can't even jump to a conclusion.
Yo mamma is so stupid, she stopped her car at a stop sign and she's still waiting for it to turn green.
When asked if they would have sex with Bill Clinton, 86% of women in D.C. said, "Not again."
Q: Why wasn't Jesus born in Australia? A: God couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.
Q: What do you do with a sick boat? A: Take it to the doc.
When you die, you should have your brain donated to science. I hear they're trying to come up with the perfect vacuum.
Yo momma is so fat that the last time she saw 90210 was on the scale.
Man: "Hey baby, what's your sign?"Woman: "Do not enter."
Yo momma is so stupid when your dad sad it was chilly outside, she ran out the door with a spoon!
Q: How does a black girl tell if she is pregnant? A: When she pulls the tampon out all the cotton is picked.
A blond asked his friend, "Why does my sister have two brothers and I only have one???"
Your mamma so fat she uses a mattress as a maxi pad.
Q: Why did the bunny go to the hospital? A: For a hoperation.
What is the difference between ooooooh and aaaaaaah? About three inches.
Yo momma is so hairy, when she went to the movie theater to see Star Wars, everybody screamed and said, "IT'S CHEWBACCA!"
If number two pencils are so popular why are they still number two?
Yo mama so ugly that her pillows cry.
What do you do when 50 zombies surround your house? Hope it's Halloween.
Q: Why does it take 1 million sperm to fertilize one egg? A: Because like all men, they won't stop to ask directions.
Yo momma so fat when she steps out in a yellow raincoat, the people yell, "TAXI!"
Yo mama is so stupid when the judge said, Order! Order!" she said, "Fries and coke please."
Yo momma is so fat she uses a pillow for a tampon.
Did you hear about the blondes that froze to death at a drive-in movie theater? They went to see "Closed for the Winter."
A black guy walks into a bar with a parrot the bartender says cool where did u get it the parrot says Africa
The energizer bunny was arrested on a charge of battery.
Q: Why shouldn't you write with a broken pencil? A: Because it’s pointless!
For a period, Houdini used a trap door in every single show he did…I guess you could say it was a stage he was going through.
Q: What are a blonde's first words after graduating college? A: "Would you like fries with that?"
A man is only as faithful as his options.
What did the elephant say to the naked man? "Cute, cute, but can it pick up peanuts?"
What did the Mexican fire chief name his two sons?

Hose A and Hose B!
What do you call a Mexican with three eyes?  

Ay, ay, ay!
Whenever your ex says, "You'll never find someone like me," the answer to that is, "That's the point."
Yo mamma's so fat, she IS the circle of life.
I believe in respect for the dead, in fact I could only respect you if you were dead.
Q: Wanna hear a joke about construction?A: Never mind, I'm still working on it.
Q: What's a WASP's favorite prize? A: The Lilly Pulitzer prize.
Women are like roads. The more curves they have, the more dangerous they are.
A man is like a snowstorm. You never know when he's coming, how many inches you'll get, or how long it will last.
Have you ever tried eating a clock? It's very time consuming.
Q: Why can't a blonde dial 911?A: She can't find the eleven.
Q: Why did the pig leave the costume party? A: Because everyone thought he was a boar.
Q: What do you call a famous fish? A: A star fish.
Q: What is Mozart doing right now? A: Decomposing.
Q: What's Forrest Gump’s password? A: 1forrest1
Yo momma's so ugly she makes the blind go crippled!
The past, present, and future walked into a bar. It was tense.
Don't be racist. Be like the multi-cultural panda bear: black, white, and Chinese.
Did you hear what happened to the blonde ice hockey team?
They drowned in spring training.
A teacher asks, "What's the difference between a problem and a challenge?" A student repsonds, "3 boys + 1 girl = problem. 1 boy + 3 girls = challenge."
What's Harry Potter's way to get to the bottom of a hill? Running...JK! Rolling.
Q:How do you know a clock is still hungry?A: It goes back four seconds.
Your momma is so fat NASA used her to fill a hole in the ozone layer.
What happens when you give a politician Viagra? He gets taller.
If con is the opposite of pro, then is Congress the opposite of progress?
Bob:  "Holy crap, I just fell off a 50 ft ladder."Jim: "Oh my God, are you okay?"Bob: "Yeah it's a good thing I fell off the first step."
Q: Why doesn't Dracula have any friends? A: Because he is a pain in the neck.
Q: Why do blonde girls walk in groups of odd numbers? A: Because they can't even!
Yo mama so stupid, she returned a donut because it had a hole in it.
Q: Can February march? A: No, but April may.
I hear you are very kind to animals, so please give that face back to the gorilla.
Q: What do cars eat on their toast? A: Traffic jam.
Q: Why did cavemen drag their women by the hair? A: Because they found out by dragging them by their legs that their hole would fill up with mud.
What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe? 
Roberto
How to be Insulting at Christmas: Try to find what you were given last year and give it back to the person who gave it to you.
You're so ugly, your husband takes you with him everywhere he goes, so he doesn't have to kiss you goodbye.
Yo momma's so fat, when she was floating in the ocean, Spain claimed her for the new world.
Q: Can a match box? A: No, but a tin can.
Yo mama so fat when she goes into an elevator she has to go down.
Q: What do you call a Mexican basketball game?A: Juan on Juan.
Yo momma's so stupid, she tried to hug her reflection in the pool thinking it was her long lost twin, and drowned.
Q: Why do pilgrims pants fall down? A: Because their belts are on their hats.
Roses are red. Your blood is too. You look like a monkey And belong in a zoo. Do not worry, I'll be there too. Not in the cage, But laughing at you.
I'm not calling you a slut, I'm calling you a penny: two faced, worthless, and in everyone's pants.
Yo mamma is so fat, the only good grade she got in school was an "A" in lunch.
What is the sign of inflation?  

A Volkswagen with 12 Latinos in it.
Q: What did one hat say to another? A: You stay here, I’ll go on a head.
Your momma's so stupid when my car ran out of gas she came over and farted in the tank.
What's the difference between deer nuts and beer nuts?  
Beer nuts are $1.50 and deer nuts are under a buck.
Yo momma's so cross-eyed, she went to a movie and thought it was a double feature.
How are women and tornadoes alike? They both moan like hell when they come, and take the house when they leave.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
One night, Penis and Balls were sitting in a couch. Penis said to Balls, "We are going to a party. Balls said, "F*ck off, you always leave me knocking."
A Jewish boy asks his father for $50. The father replies, "$40, what do you need $30 for?"
Yo mamma so poor, when I saw her walking down the street with one shoe on, I stopped and said, "You lost a shoe!" and she said, "No, I found a shoe!"
Q: What do elephants use for tampons? A: Sheep.
Q: What is the difference between a teacher and a train? A: One says, "Spit out your gum," and the other says, "Choo choo choo!"
Q: What's the importance of capitalization? A: You can either help your Uncle Jack off a horse or help your uncle jack off a horse.
What did the dog say to the hot dog bun? 
"Are you pure bred?"
A blonde drops off her dress to the dry cleanersThe lady says, "Come Again!"The blonde says, "No, it's toothpaste this time."
Q: Why is England the wettest country? A: Because so many kings and queens have been reigning there.
A lot of people cry when they cut an onion. The trick is not to form an emotional bond.
Q: What do you call 10 blondes in a freezer? A: Frosted Flakes!
whats the difference between a girls argument and a knife ?a knife has a point
Q: What do bees comb their hair with? A: A honey comb!
You know you're getting fat when you say you're fat in front of your friends and nobody corrects you.
How come it takes so long to build a blonde snowman? Because you have to hollow out the head.
Teacher: "What is the future tense of the statement: 'I had killed a thief'?" Student: "You will go to jail."
Just had a dangerous mole removed from the end of my penis. Definitely won't be shagging one of those again.
You should do some soul-searching. Maybe you'll find one.
What’s an Irish seven course dinner?  

A six-pack and a potato.
Q: What does Miley Cyrus eat for Christmas dinner? A: Roast twerky!
Q: Why did the duck go to jail?A: Because he got caught selling quack.
Q: Do you know who was the first black guy to admit he is the father? A: Darth Vader.
Q: Why can't you tell an egg a joke? A: Because it will crack up.
Q: Why do blondes wear underwear? A: To keep their ankles warm.
Q: How do trees access the internet? A: They log in.
Yo mama's so poor that ducks throw bread at her.
I heard you went to have your head examined but the doctors found nothing there.
What is a man's ultimate shame?

When he runs into a wall with a hard-on and grabs his nose first!
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to save a fish from drowning.
Q: Why did the man name his dogs Rolex and Timex? A: Because they were watch dogs.
Q: Why are vampires so easy to fool? A: Because they are suckers.
Q: Would a white or black kindergartner have a bigger dick? A: The black one because he's 20.
Q: What did the judge say when a skunk walked into the courtroom? A: "Odor in the court!"
Yo mama so dumb she tried to make an appointment with Dr. Pepper.
Why do women wear panties with flowers on them? In loving memory of all the faces that have been buried there.
Why did the blonde tip toe near the medicine cabinet? Because she didn't want to wake the sleeping pills!!
Yo momma's so fat, when she uses the keyboard she presses every key at once!
I'll never forget the first time we met, although I'll keep trying.
Tom: "Were you born on the highway?" Jerry: "Uh no, why?" Tom: "Because that's where most accidents happen."
Fe = Iron.Male = Man.Fe + Male = Iron Man.I have been having sex with Iron Man.
Q: What's a bunny's favorite restaurant? A: IHOP.
Yo mamma so short when she tried to smoke weed she couldn't get high.
Yo momma's so fat, she played the role of the boulder in the first Indiana Jones movie.
Yo' Mama is so ugly, yo' daddy takes her to work with him so he doesn't have to kiss her goodbye.
Q: What animal should you never play cards with? A: A cheetah.
I heard that you went to the haunted house and they offered you a job.
Your momma is so ugly she made One Direction go another direction.
Dear NASA, Your mom thought I was big enough. - Pluto
Why do black people hate taking Tylenol? Because they have to pick the cotton out.
Two fish are in a tank. One turns to the other and says, "Hey, do you know how to drive this thing?"
Yo mama so big she got hit by a bus and said, "Hey, who threw a rock at me?"
I don't really like watching basketball, I just watch it to find out who the next member of the Kardashian family will be.
Yo momma is so fat her bellybutton gets home 15 minutes before she does.
Yo Mamma so fat she had to have a real horse on her polo shirt.
Q: Why did the runner stop listing to music?A: Because she broke too many records.
Yo mama is so fat that she can’t even jump to a conclusion.
I never wanted to believe that my Dad was stealing from his job as a road worker. But when I got home, all the signs were there.
Q: What did the lawyer name his daughter?A: Sue.
Q: What does Mortal Kombat and a church in Helsinki have in common? A: Finnish Hymn!
Jane: "Where are all the kind, considerate, loving men who can show their feelings?" Jill: "They already have boyfriends."
A Mexican, a Cuban, and a Chinese guy are riding in a truck. Who's driving? Immigration.
For all the guys who think a woman's place is in the kitchen, remember that's where the knives are kept.
What do you call it when a blonde dyes her hair brunette?

Artificial intelligence.
How do you get a dishwasher to dig a hole? Give the woman a shovel!
Why does it take one million sperm to fertilize one egg? They don't stop and ask for directions.
Yo mama so old her Social Security number is 1.
A little kids sends a letter to Santa that says: "Dear Santa I want a brother for Christmas."

Santa writes back, "Dear Timmy send me me your mommy."
Yo mama so ugly when she was born the doctor saw her butt and then her face and he said, "It's twins!"
Q: What do you call a lawyer who has gone bad? A: Senator.
Yo mama so old, she had to babysit Jesus.
Yo momma's so stupid, she steals samples from stores!
Yo momma's so fat, she has her own zip code 900daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaamn.
Yo mamma so stupid her password needed 8 characters, so she typed "Snow White and the 7 dwarfs."
Q: If you have 13 apples in one hand and 10 oranges in the other, what do you have? A: Big hands.
"Give it to me! Give it to me!" she yelled, "I'm so wet, give it to me now!"  She could scream all she wanted to. I was keeping the umbrella.
Wife: "In my dream, I saw you in a jewelry store and you bought me a diamond ring." Husband: "I had the same dream and I saw your dad paying the bill."
Q: Why did they have to bury George Washington standing up? A: Because he could never lie.
Yo mama is so fat that when she went to the movie theater she sat next to everybody.
If beauty was a drop of water, you'd be the Sahara Desert.
Yo momma is so fat when she went to KFC the cashier asked, "What size bucket?" and yo momma said, "The one on the roof."
Q: Why don't Black people take free cruises? A: Because they aren't falling for that one again.
Have you heard the story of the magic sandwich? Never mind, it's just a bunch of bologna.
How did the medical community come up with the term "PMS"? "Mad Cow Disease" was already taken.
Yo momma's so fat, that when she rubs her thighs together, I smell bacon.
What is the favorite sport of Mexicans? Cross Country
I am from the Middle East and when I was a kid, I had a bomb sniffing dog. It died of an overdose.
Yo momma's so fat, her measurements are 36-24-26, and that's just her left arm.
Yo mamma is so ugly when she tried to join an ugly contest they said, "Sorry, no professionals."
Why are frogs always so happy?                                     They eat what ever bugs them
Yo momma is so stupid she went to the orthodontist to get a Bluetooth.
Q: Why are ghosts such good cheerleaders? A: Because they have a lot of spirit!
Don't be racist; racism is a crime; and crime is for black people.
Your mama so fat when she did a push up Earth went down.
Q: What did the duck say when he bought lipstick?A: "Put it on my bill."
Q: Why couldn't the Pirate learn the alphabet? A: Because he was always lost at C.
There is a white boy, a Mexican boy, and a black boy who are all in the fifth grade. Who has the biggest d*ck?

The black boy, because he's 18.
Your momma's so ugly, when she goes into a strip club, they pay her to keep her clothes on.
Yo momma's so dumb, when your aunt had twins, she asked yo momma to name them. She named one Denise, and the other Denephew.
Marriage is a 3-ring circus: engagement ring, wedding ring, and suffering.
Q: How do you make the number seven even? A: Drop the "s."
Q: What nails do carpenters hate to hit? A: Fingernails.
Yo momma is so fat it took Nationwide 2 years to get on her side.
Yo mama so poor that when somebody stepped on her cigarette she said, "Who turned off my heat?"
Mexico doesn't win Olympic medals because all the best runners, jumpers, and swimmers are in America.
Q: How do you stop a Mexican tank? A: Shoot the people pushing it.
I couldn't figure out why the baseball kept getting larger. Then it hit me.
If Tarzan and Jane were Jewish, what would Cheetah be?

A fur coat.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Fun fact: If you cut off all your body hair and laid it end to end you'd be a fucking weirdo.
We used to have Reagan, Jonny Cash, and Bob Hope. Now we have Obama, no cash, and no hope.
Yo mama is so fat that she measures 36-24-36, and the other arm is just as big.
Q: How do you make an egg-roll?A: You push it!!!
Q: How do you know that carrots are good for your eyesA: You never see a rabbit wears glasses.
Q: What did the cross-eyed teacher say?A: I can't control my pupils!
Yo momma's so ugly, they filmed "Gorillas in the Mist" in her shower.
Yo mamma so ugly she is the reason Waldo is hiding.
A drunk walks into a bar with jumper cables around his neck. The bartender says, "You can stay but don't try to start anything."
I didn't like my beard at first. Then it grew on me.
Q: Why is Peter Pan always flying? A: Because he neverlands.
Q: How do you count cows? A: With a cowculator.
How do you know when a woman is about to say something smart? When she starts her sentence with, "A man once told me..."
Brunette: "Where were you born?" Blonde: "California." Brunette: "Which part?" Blonde: "All of me."
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
Q: What did the grape say when it was stepped on? A: Nothing, it just let out a little wine.
Q: Why did the can crusher quit his job? A: Because it was soda pressing.
Your mum is like the sun: big, round, and hard to look at.
Q: How do you find Will Smith in the snow? A: Look for the fresh prints.
Yo momma is so old, I slapped her in the back and her boobs fell off.
A man is being arrested by a female police officer, who informs him, "Anything you say can and will be held against you." The man replies, "Boobs!"
What do a fat lady and concrete have in common? They both have been laid by Mexicans.
It was so cold today, a Democrat had his hands in his own pockets!
Yo mama is so black, she doesn't even have white blood cells.
Yo mama so fat, she puts her belt on with a boomerang.
Q: What do you call a cow that just gave birth? A: Decalfeinated.
Save your breath. You'll need it to blow up your date.
Yo mama is so fat when Jabba's guard pushed her into the sarlacc pit, it choked to death.
Yo mama so stupid, she went to the eye doctor to get an iPhone.
PMS jokes aren't funny. Period.
If a man opens the car door for his wife, you can be sure of one thing: either the car is new or the wife.
Yo mommas like a shotgun: two cocks and she blows.
Q: What did one eye say to the other eye?A: Between you and me, there's something that smells.
Yo momma's so stupid she thought Taco Bell was the Mexican phone company.
Q: What do you call a doll on fire? A: A Barbie-Q.
Yo mamma is so ugly, when she brought a pig into Walmart, the manager said, "Get that pig out of here," and the pig said, "Sorry, it won't happen again!"
Yo momma is so ugly she turned Medusa into stone.
Q. What do you call a fake noodle?A. An Impasta!
Your mama is so ugly that when I told her to do the robot, R2-D2 got herpes.
Q: What do you call a bear with no teeth?A: A gummy bear.
This blonde calls me and says, "What's your phone number? I cant find it!"
Yo mom is so dumb that she thought Dunkin' Donuts was a basketball team.
I never forget a face! But in your case I'll make an exception!
How to be insulting when giving directions: Point with four fingers when they ask.
What do you call three black guys hanging from a tree? An Alabama Windchime.
Yo momma so stupid she thought Bruno Mars was a planet.
How does a man show that he is planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer.
Yo Momma so fat she uses the 101 fwy for a slip 'n' slide!
How to be insulting at the library: Find the coziest reading nook and start snoring.
Yo momma is so fat, when she sat on the back of the bus it did a wheelie.
Yo mama is so fat, she's the reason the Earth tilts on its axis.
Yo momma's so ugly, her birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
Well, they do say opposites attract. So I sincerely hope you meet somebody who is attractive, honest, intelligent, and cultured.
Yo mamma is so fat, black holes get sucked into her.
Yo mama so fat the only reason she took algebra in high school was because she heard there was gonna be some pi.
Dad: "Can I see your report card, son?" Son: "I don't have it." Dad: "Why?" Son: "I gave it to my friend. He wanted to scare his parents."
What is better than winning the gold medal at the Special Olympics? Having arms and legs.
Q: Where can you find the biggest amount of the largest sized women's lingerie in the world? A: In Africa: there's thousands of Z bras.
Q: Which two letters in the alphabet are always jealous? A: NV.
Yo momma is so poor I saw her kicking a trash can so I asked, "What are you doing?" and she said, "I'm moving."
Q: What do you call a sad coffee? A: Depresso.
Q: What do you call a girl who's just come back from the beach?A: Sandy.
Why do hummingbirds hum? Because they don't know the words.
This brother was banging his sister, and he says, "You f*ck like Mom," and she laughs. He says, "What?" She says, "That's what Dad said."
Q: Why do birds fly South for the winter?A: It's too far to walk.
Q: Did you hear about the new blonde-made Inventions?A: Solar Powered Flashlights, Helicopter Ejection Seats, and the Submarine Screen Door.
Yo momma is so ugly Fix-It Felix said, "I can't fix it."
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you?Pull the pin and throw it back.
Did you hear about Monica Lewinsky becoming a Republican? The Democrats left a bad taste in her mouth.
Yo mama so ugly when she went into a haunted house she came out with a job application.
Q: What is a witch's favorite subject in school? A: Spelling.
Two blondes fell down a hole. One said, "It's dark in here isn't it?" The other replied, "I don't know; I can't see."
How did the Samoan climb the tree? He didn't. He scared the limbs out of it.
When somebody calls you gay, say, "I'm straighter than the pole your mom dances on."
Q: Why is a woman with no breasts a pirate's delight? A: Because she has a sunken chest.
Yo mama so stupid, she went to the dollar store and said, "How much is this?"
What do you call people who are afraid of Santa Claus? Claustrophobic.
Q: Why didn't the sailors play cards? A: Because the captain was on the deck.
Q: Why did the scarecrow get promoted? A: Because he was outstanding in his field.
I would make another chemistry joke, but they ARGON.
Q: How do you make a tissue dance? A: Put a little boogie in it.
Two Jews walked into a bar. It was busy. So they bought it.
What's the difference between a pregnant lady and a light bulb?

You can unscrew a light bulb.
After I have sex, I like my woman like my mailbox. Outside my house!
What do you call a lawyer who doesn't know the law? A judge.
Some guy called me a tool. So I got hammered and nailed his girlfriend. Guess he was right.
Q.  Why did the apple run away? A.  Because the banana split!
Why do Canadian's do it doggystyle? So they can both watch the hockey game.
Yo momma's so fat, when she farted, she launched herself into orbit.
Brunette: "Where were you born?" Blonde: "The United States." Brunette: "Which part?" Blonde: "My whole body."
Q: What do you call a lawyer with an IQ of 100? A: Your Honor. Q: What do you call a lawyer with an IQ of 50? A: Senator.
Q: What do you call an deep sea Transformer? A: Octopus Prime!
Why is it that your nose runs, but your feet smell?
Q: What's the problem with an Asian pet store?A: There's always a kitchen in the back.
Q: If April showers bring may flowers, what do mayflowers bring? A: Pilgrims!
Doctor: “You’ll live to be 60!” Patient: “I am 60!” Doctor: “See! What did I tell you?”
Q: How do you catch a squirrel? A: Climb a tree and act like a nut.
How did giraffes come to be? Chuck Norris uppercut a horse.
Q: How do you leave a jackass in suspense? A: Don't know. I'll tell you tomorrow
Math Teacher: "If I have 5 bottles in one hand and 6 in the other hand, what do I have?" Student: "A drinking problem."
Q: Why shouldn't you take atoms seriously?A: Because they make up everything.
Insult: Hey, you're not much of a looker, but I'll date you.Response: Thanks. You must be very open-minded. Was that how your brain slipped out?
Q: What did one ocean say to another ocean?A: Nothing. It just waved.
Q: What did the pony say when he had a sore throat?A: Sorry, I'm a little horse.
Q: Why does a cow wear a bell around its neck? A: Because its horns don't work.
Yo mamma's so ugly, when her house was being robbed, the mugger took off his mask and made her wear it.
Why can't you hear rabbits making love? Because they have cotton balls.
Q: Why do Jewish mothers make great parole officers? A: They never let anyone finish a sentence!
Kobe Bryant wears the number 24 to remind himself about how many seconds he has to hog the ball.
Q: What's the difference between a guitar and a fish? A: You can tune a guitar, but you can't tuna fish.
Yo momma so fat she wore a sign that said "CAUTION: Wide Turns!"
Q: Where do you learn how to make ice cream?A: Sundae School
Q: What do you call a white girl with a yeast infection? A: Cracker with cheese.
Q: Who is the poorest guy in the south?A: The Tooth Fairy.
Everyone has a right to be ugly but you abuse the privilege.
Yo mama so fat, she's got more rolls than a bakery.
Why did the Mexican guy throw his wife off of a cliff?

Tequila!
Yo mama is so fat on Halloween she threw on a white sheet and went as Antarctica.
Yo momma is so black she makes Akon look like Casper.
Q: What did the janitor yell when he jumped out of the closet? A: "Supplies!"
Sure, I'd love to help you out. Now, which way did you come in?
Q: Why did the fish blush? A: Because it saw the ocean's bottom.
Yo momma's so fat, the Hogwarts Sorting Hat put her in all 4 houses!
Q: What do dim lamps and blondes have in common? A: They both tend to be hot, but not too bright.
Two blondes walk into a tanning salon. The receptionist asks, "Are you two sisters?" They chuckle and reply, " No, we aren't even Catholic."
Knock, knock. Who's there? Cows go. Cows go who? No, cows go moo!
Q: Why are hairdressers never late for work? A: Because they know all the short cuts!
Yo mama's so fat when she went to In and Out she couldn't get in or out.
Yo mama so fat she got arrested for carrying 10 pounds of crack.
Your momma is so old she has an autographed copy of the Bible.
Why did the blonde like lightening? She thought someone was taking a picture of her.
Yo momma is so stupid when an intruder broke   into her house, she ran downstairs, dialed 9-1-1 on the microwave, and couldn't find the "CALL" button.
A robber comes into the store & steals a TV. A blonde runs after him and says, "Wait, you forgot the remote!"
Yo momma so ugly, she had to get the baby drunk so that she could breastfeed it.
Molecule 1: I just lost an electron. Molecule 2: Are you sure? Molecule 1: I’m positive.
Q: What is the difference between snowmen and snowwomen? A: Snowballs.
A friend of mine got in trouble for punching an african-american woman.  In his defense, he was told to go to Home Depot and get a black and decker.
Why do men die before their wives? They want to.
Yo mama so fat the bears have to hide their food from her when she goes camping.
Yo momma is so fat when she got on the scale it said, "I need your weight not your phone number."
You're so ugly, you make blind kids cry.
Jesus walks into a inn, hands the innkeeper three nails, and says, "Can you put me up for the night?"
Yo momma is so stupid she climbed over a glass wall to see what was on the other side.
Yo mama so ugly even aliens won't probe her.
What does an air conditioner have in common with a computer? They both lose efficiency as soon as you open windows.
Yo momma's so fat, she wakes up in sections.
How did the blonde try to kill the bird?? She threw it off a cliff.
Q: How do you keep a blonde busy for 2 days? A: Give her a piece of paper that has "Please turn over" written on both sides.
Yo momma's so poor that she has to lick people's fingers when they come out of KFC!
Yo momma so fat when she registered for MySpace there was no space left.
Q: Why did the girl wear glasses in math class? A: It improves di-vision.
Being an astronaut is funny. It's the only job where you get fired before you start work.
Me: Would you like to be the sun in my life?Her: Awww... Yes!!!Me: Good then stay 92.96 million miles away from me
Yo momma so dumb, she tried to surf the microwave
Yo mama is so ugly she couldn't even get a date on the calendar.
Yo momma so fat she fell out of the family tree.
Q: How do you turn a cat into a fish? A: Tell the woman not to wash down there.
Men have two emotions, hungry and horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
What is the difference between Jesus, and a picture of Jesus? You can hang the picture with just one nail.
Yo mama's hair is so full of dandruff, when she shook her head, the principal called a snow day.
Q: What's the difference between Tom Cruise and a tuxedo? A: One comes out of the closet on special occasions and the other is a tuxedo.
Q: How do you get a blond on the roof? A: You tell her the food is on the house.
Yo momma is so fat, when she sat on an iPod, she made the iPad!
Yo momma so fat when she turned around we gave her a Welcome Back Party.
Yo mama so stupid she sold her car for gas money.
Did you hear about the Italian chef that died? Yeah, he pasta way.
Q: Why is the barn so noisy? A: Because the cows have horns.
Yo mama so ugly the Terminator said, "I won't be back."
Yo momma is so fat that when she saw a yellow school bus go by full of white kids she ran after it yelling, "TWINKIE!"
Q: What do cats eat for breakfast? A: Mice Krispies.
Q: What computer sings the best? A: A Dell.
Q: Why can't a bicycle stand up on its own? A: Because it's two tired.
The lord said unto John, "Come forth and receive eternal life," but john came fifth and won a toaster.
Q: What do dog poo and women have in common? A: The older they are, the easier they are to pick up.
Yo momma's so fat she passed the window and we lost light for 4 days.
How do blonde brain cells die?

 Alone.
Q: Did you hear about the guy who dreamed he was eating a giant marshmallow? A: When he woke up, his pillow was gone.
Q: What did the banana say to the doctor? A: "I'm not peeling well."
Why don't aliens eat clowns?

Because they taste funny.
Waiter: "Do you want any dessert?" Teddy Bear: "No Thanks. I'm Stuffed!"
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb? One, unless it's a black bulb, then he'll call for backup!
Yo momma is so fat when she sat on a quarter a booger came out of George Washington's nose.
Yo mama’s so old, when she breast feeds, people mistake her for a fog machine!
Q: Why do Italian men wear necklaces? A: To let them know where to stop shaving.
Yo mamma is so fat she doesn't need the internet, because she's already world wide.
Blonde: "What does IDK stand for?"
Brunette: "I don’t know."
Blonde: "OMG, nobody does!"
Yo mama so dark when I clicked on her profile pic, I thought my phone died.
Tell me, as an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
Q: What do you call a fish with no eyes? A: A fsh.
A blonde crashed a helicopter. A police officer asked her what happened. She says, "It got cold so I turned off the fan."
If your Uncle Jack was on his roof, and he wanted you to help him down, would you help your Uncle Jack off?
Yo mama is so fat when she took her dress to the dry cleaners they said, “Sorry, we don’t do curtains."
How did the blonde die drinking milk? The cow fell on her.
Instead of "the John," I call my toilet "the Jim." That way it sounds better when I say I go to the Jim first thing every morning.
What are you going to do for a face when the baboon calls and wants his ass back?
Man: "Wanna hear a joke about my penis? Oh never mind, it's too long."Woman: "Want to hear a joke about my vagina? Never mind, you'll never get it."
Q: Why is a river rich? A: It has banks on both sides.
Yo momma is so stupid that when thieves broke in and stole the tv, she ran outside and yelled to them,"Hey, you forgot the remote!"
Q: Why couldn't the blonde add 10 + 5 on a calculator? A: She couldn't find the "10" button.
Son: "Dad, there is someone at the door to collect donations for a community swimming pool." Father: "Okay, give him a glass of water."
Knock, knock. Who's there? I eat mop I eat mop who? Hah! You said, "I eat ma poo!"
Yo mama so ugly when she went to the bank they asked her to put on a ski mask.
Q: Why was the Malasian plane lost? A: Because an Asian was driving it!
Yo mama so fat, she has her own zip code.
Q: What did the spider do on the computer? A: Made a website!
Yo momma is so fat, I took a picture of her last Christmas and it's still printing.
"Johnny, why did you kick your brother in the stomach?" exclaimed the angry mother. “It was pure accident, Mama. He turned around.”
An old teacher asked her student, "If I say, 'I am beautiful,' which tense is that?" The student replied, "It is obviously past."
Hickory Dickory Dock. Two mice ran up the clock. The clock struck one and the other got away with minor injuries.
Q: What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend? A: He wiped his bum.
Teacher: What is the value of Pi?Student: Depending on what pie. Usually is $12.99
Q: Why did the blonde pee on the ground? A: Because she saw a sign that said 'Wet Floor.'
Q: Where does an animal go if it loses its tail? A: A retailer!
How did the Mexican girl get pregnant? Her teacher told her to do an essay.
Yo momma's so fat, she wore a black bathing suit to the pool and everyone yelled "oil spill!"
Q: Is Google male or female? A: Female, because it doesn't let you finish a sentence before making a suggestion.
Teacher: "Which book has helped you the most in your life?" Student: "My father's check book!"
The NSA: a government organization that actually listens to you!
Yo momma's so fat, her baby pictures were taken by satellite.
Your mom is so stupid I told her spring was around the corner and she went looking for it.
Q: Did you hear abut the hungry clock? A: It went back four seconds.
Yo mama so stupid, she got hit by a parked car.
Q: What's red and smells like blue paint? A: Red paint.
Where do you send Jewish kids with Attention Deficit Disorder? 

Concentration Camp!
Q: How do birds fly? A: They just wing it!
Me: Siri, where is the best place to hide a body?Siri: The second page of a Google search.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
Mother: "Sweetie, make a Christmas wish." Girl: "I wish that Santa will send some clothes to those naked girls in papa's computer."
Q: How can you tell if a blonde used a computer? A: There's Wite-Out all over the screen.
If you ever get cold, just stand in the corner of a room for a while. They're normally around 90 degrees.
Q: If a plane crashed on the Canada/USA border, where would the survivors be buried?A: You don't bury survivors.
Yo momma's so fat, she only knows 3 letters of the alphabet: KFC.
You know why we don't have Mexican Astronauts? It's because the countdown goes like this, "10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 Launch!  Lonch!?!? Vamos a comer..."
Yo momma's so fat, when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge, too.
Yo mama so fat that her yearbook picture was on page 20, 21, 22, and 23.
What's six inches long, two inches wide, and drives women wild?
Money.
Yo mama so old she was a waitress at the Last Supper.
Yo momma's so fat, when she ordered a water bed, they put a blanket over the Atlantic Ocean.
How do you fix a woman's watch? You don't. There is a clock on the oven.
Yo momma's so smelly, that when she spread her legs, I got seasick.
Q: What do you call a baptized Mexican? A: Bean dip.
Q: Why are most hurricanes named after women? A: Because when they come they are wet and wild and when they leave they take your house and your car.
How many mexicans does it take to build a roof? Juan.
A man got hit in the head with a can of Coke, but he was alright because it was a soft drink.
Yo mama so stupid she brought tea bags to the World Cup.
Did you hear about the butcher who backed up into the meat grinder? He got a little behind in his work.
Yo mamma is so ugly that when Justin Bieber saw her, he said "Never."
Yo momma is so fat when she sat on an iPad she made a plasma TV.
"Babe is it in?" "Yea."
"Does it hurt?" "Uh huh."
"Let me put it in slowly." "It still hurts."
"Okay, let's try another shoe size."
Here is a pick up line. "Hey girl, come sit on my lap and we could talk about the first thing that pops up."
Q: What has more lives than a cat?A: A frog because it croaks every night.
Q: What does the receptionist at the sperm clinic say when clients are leaving? A: “Thanks for coming!”
What do you call a marathon if all the runners are transvestites? A drag race.
Yo momma is so dumb she tripped over a cordless phone.
A teacher asks a student, "Are you ignorant or just apathetic?" The kid answers, "I don't know and I don't care."
Q: What do you get from a pampered cow? A: Spoiled milk.
Q: What did the mama cow say to the baby cow? A: "It's pasture bedtime."
A mother said to her son, "Look at that kid over there; he's not misbehaving." The son replied, "Maybe he has good parents then!"
A blind man walked into a fish market and said, "Hello ladies!"
Q: Why did the chicken cross the möbius strip? A: To get to the same side.
Yo momma is so stupid she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
Q: What's the most expensive Jewish wine? A: "I wanna go to Florida!"
Q: What did the ocean say to the beach?A: Nothing it just waved
What is the difference between acne and a Catholic priest?
Acne usually comes on a boy's face after he turns 12.
Q: How do you create light by using water? A: Clean the windows!
Yo mama so fat, when she sweats she causes a tsunami.
You've got your head so far up your ass you can chew your food twice.
Q: How do you make holy water? A: Boil the hell out of it.
Why doesn't Mexico have a Olympic team?Because everybody that can run, jump, and swim are already in the U.S
Q: What do you call a Caucasian person who swims across the border into Mexico? A: A white back.
Yo momma’s so ugly, when they took her to the beautician it took 12 hours – for a quote!
Yo mama's so fat, when she steps on a scale, it says, "Please step out of the car."
Yo momma so fat her favorite food is seconds.
How many blondes does it take to screw in a light bulb?

Too many to count.
What do get if you cross a Snowman with a Vampire? Frostbite.
Q: How many white people does it take to change a light bulb? A: All of them. 1 to hold it to the socket and the rest to screw the world.
What’s the biggest crime committed by transvestites? Male fraud.
Q: What do you call a sheep without legs and a head? A: A cloud.
Yo momma is so black, she got marked absent at night school.
Did you hear about the guy who died of a Viagra overdose? They couldn't close his casket.
Q: Why is sex like math? A: You add a bed, subtract the clothes, divide the legs, and pray there's no multiplying.
Q: Why did the tofu cross the road? A: To prove he wasn't chicken.
How do you get a one handed blonde down from a tree? Wave at her.
If you ever fart in public, just yell, "Turbo power!" and walk faster.
Q: Why shouldn't you make fun of a paleontologist? A: Because you will get Jurasskicked.
Q: Why did Cinderella fail at basketball?A: Because she had a pumpkin for a coach.
Yo momma is so fat when she stepped on the scale it read, "Get the hell off me!"
Yo mamma is so fat that when she went to the Gap, she filled it in.
Helium walks into a bar and asks for a drink. The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve noble gases here." Helium doesn't react.
They say that during sex you burn off as many calories as running 8 miles. Who the hell runs 8 miles in 30 seconds?
Q: Why did Cinderella get kicked off the soccer team? A: Because she ran away from the ball.
Why can’t Polish farmers raise chickens? They plant the eggs too deep.
Q: What starts with a P, ends with an E, and has a 1,000 letters? A: Post office.
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
Q: What do you call an alligator wearing a vest? A: An investigator.
I asked a Chinese girl for her number. She said, "Sex! Sex! Sex! Free sex tonight!" I said, "Wow!" Then her friend said, "She means 666-3629."
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common: they should both be changed regularly… and for the same reason.
Sex is like snow: you never know how many inches you are going to get or how long it is going to last.
What do you have when 100 lawyers are buried up to their necks in sand? Not enough sand.
Q: Who earns a living by driving his customers away? A: A taxi driver.
Why did the chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide!!
I decided to make my password "incorrect" because if I type it in wrong, my computer will remind me, "Your password is incorrect."
Yo mama so ugly she's the reason Sonic runs fast.
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my 17 brothers and sisters and they didn't know either.
Yo momma so stupid she stuck a battery up her ass and said, "I GOT THE POWER!"
Golfer: "I'd move heaven & earth to break 100 on this course." Caddy: "Try heaven; you've already moved most of the earth."
Q: What time is it when a elephant sits on a fence? A: Time to fix the fence.
Yo momma so short she can tie her shoes while standing up.
What happened to the blonde at the soccer stadium? 

She drowned in the Mexican wave.
Q: Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? A: It's okay. He woke up.
My friend thinks he is smart. He told me an onion is the only food that makes you cry, so I threw a coconut at his face.
Yo momma's so fat, she tripped over Wal-Mart, stumbled over K-Mart, and landed on Target.
Scientists have proven that there are two things in the air that have been known to cause women to get pregnant: their legs.
Yo momma is so short, you can see her feet on her driver's license.
Q: What is the tallest building in the entire world? A: The library, because it has so many stories.
Yo mamma is so fat that when she showed up to watch a sumo wrestling tournament, they gave her the trophy.
Q: What kind of key opens a banana? A: A monkey.
Q: Why did the skeleton cross the road? A: To get to the body shop.
Q: What do you call a nun in a wheelchair? A: Virgin Mobile
Contest in a girl's college: write a short story which contains religion, sex and mystery. Winner's story: "Oh god, I am pregnant, I wonder who did it."
Yo mamma's so fat her baby picture was taken by Neil Armstrong.
Q: What is white when it's dirty and black when it's clean? A: A chalkboard.
What's the difference between kinky and perverted? Kinky is when you tickle your girlfriend with a feather, perverted is when you use the whole bird.
Jack and Jill went up the hill so Jack could lick her candy. Jack got a shock, with a mouth full of cock, to find out Jill's real name was Randy.
Yo momma is so ashy, every time she rubs her arms it snows.
Q: Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? A: Because if it had four, it would be chicken sedan.
Q: Why did the coach go back to the bank? A: To get his quarterback!
Yo mama is so fat when she wants her photo taken she has to call Google Earth.
What's invisible and smells like carrots?

Rabbit farts.
You have so many gaps in your teeth, it looks like your tongue is in jail.
Q: Why do black people smell? A: So blind people can hate them too.
Man: Your place or mine?Woman: Both. You go to yours and I'll go to mine.
Q: How do astronomers organize a party? A: They planet.
If I was as ugly as you were, I wouldn't say "Hi" to people. I'd say "BOO!"
How do you kill a blonde? Put a scratch-and-sniff at the bottom of a pool.
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.
Got tasered picking up my friend from the airport today. Apparently security doesn't like it when you shout, "Hi Jack!"
Q: What do you call a skeleton in the closet? A: The 1863 Blonde Hide-and-Seek champion!
Listen, are you always this stupid or are you just making a special effort today?
Chuck Norris pulled the pin in a grenade, threw it, killed 50 men, and then the grenade exploded.
I love pressing F5. It is so refreshing.
What's the difference between a Jew and the San Antonio Spurs? The Spurs could beat the Heat.
Q: Why was six scared of seven? A: Because seven "ate" nine.
Q:What do you have when you cross a Puerto Rican and a Pollack?A: A graffiti artist who spray paints on chain linked fences.
Q: What do you call a Mexican that lost his car? A: Carlos.
Q: What’s the best thing about Switzerland? A: I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
A brunette and blonde are walking in the park when the brunette says, "Aw, look at the dead birdie." The blonde looks up and says, "Where?"
Q: What stays in one corner but travels around the world? A: A stamp.
Five out of six people agree that Russian Roulette is safe.
Q: Why does Humpty Dumpty love autumn? A: Because Humpty Dumpty had a great fall.
Your mama is so ugly even the tide won't take her out.
They say that married men live the longest. It's ironic, since they're the ones most willing to die.
Q: What happens once in a minute and twice in a moment but never in a decade? A: The letter "m."
Yo Momma's so dumb that when I told her it was chilly outside, she went and got a bowl.
Go ahead, tell them everything you know. It'll only take 10 seconds.
What did the blonde say when she saw the Cheerios box?

"Omg, donut seeds!"
I knew a blonde that was so stupid, she put lipstick on her forehead because she wanted to make up her mind.
Yo momma is so fat you need to take two trains and a bus just to get on her good side.
Q: What did the math book say to its therapist? A: I've got a lot of problems.
Yo mamma so fat, when she plays paintball her teammates hide behind her.
Q: What is 6.9? A: A really great thing ruined by a period.
Yo mama is so fat that black holes try to escape her.
What do you call a Mexican basketball player? Mexi-cant.
A man asks a woman, "Haven't I seen you someplace before?" The woman responds, "Yeah, that's why I don't go there anymore."
Q: What does a skeleton order at a restaurant? A: Spare ribs!
"Boob" is the perfect word. "B" looks like a birds-eye view of them, "oo" look like them face on, and "b" looks like it from the side!
Teacher: "Where was the Constitution of India signed?" Student: "At the bottom of the page!"
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
Did you hear about the little Polish kid who got diarrhea? 

He thought he was melting.
Your mama so old her first Christmas was the first Christmas.
Q: Why is the letter B very cool? A: Because it's sitting in the AC.
Q: Where do eggplants come from? A: Chicken plants.
A man driving a car hits a woman. Whose fault is it? The man's.  Why was he driving in the kitchen?
Q: What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob? A: "We better get some support before someone thinks we're nuts!"
Q: What do you call security guards working outside Samsung shops? A: Guardians of the Galaxy.
Yo momma is so ugly even Hello Kitty said, "Goodbye" to her
Q: Why did the painting go to jail? A: It was framed.
Q: Why didn't the man report his stolen credit card?A: The thief was spending less then his wife.
Yo momma's so fat, the only way to get her out of a telephone booth is to grease her thighs and throw a Twinkie in the street.
A man put out a classified ad that read, "Wife wanted." The next day he received a hundred responses all saying the same thing: "You can have mine."
Yo mama is so stupid, she wanted to cancel a hockey game due to ice on the field.
Why is a blonde girl staring at the orange juice box?

The orange juice box says, "Concentrated."
Yo Mama is so fat, when she pressed the UP button on the elevator it went DOWN.
You are so ugly, the last time you got a piece of ass was when your hand slipped through the toilet paper.
Q: Why do centipedes have 100 legs? A: So they can walk.
Two men broke into a drugstore and stole all the Viagra. The police put out an alert to be on the lookout for the two hardened criminals.
Why do woman have two sets of lips?
One set to tell you off with, and the other to make you forget you're mad!
Q: Did you hear about the kidnapping at school?A: Its OK. He woke up.
What do the female reindeer do when Santa takes the male reindeer out on Christmas Eve? They go into town and blow a few bucks.
What's faster than a cheetah? 
A Jew with a coupon!
I saved a bunch of money on car insurance by switching to reverse and leaving the scene.
Did you hear about the Iranian who locked himself out of his car?  It took three hours to get his family out of it.
Q: How can you drop a raw egg onto a concrete floor without cracking it? A: Any way you want, concrete floors are very hard to crack.
Q: What do you call a dog with no legs?A: It does not matter, it's not going to come.
What is the difference between garbage and an Irish girl?  Garbage gets picked up.
Yo momma so dumb when I said, "Drinks on the house," she got a ladder.
How do you starve a black person? Put their food stamp card under their workboots!
I just read a book about Helium. It was so good that I can't put it down.
Why do Jewish people love air? Because it's free.
How many Polacks does it take to screw in a light bulb. 10, one to screw in the light bulb and nine to hold the ladder.
Yo mama is so hairy she shaves with a weed-whacker.
Q: Why is Santa Claus' sack so big? A: He only comes once a year.
Why did the dog sit in the shade? Because he didn't want to be a hot dog!
Q: Did your hear about the man with a broken left arm and broken left leg?A: Don't worry he's "ALRIGHT" now!
What time do Chinese people go to the dentist? Tooth hurty (2:30)
A man walks by a blonde, who is holding a pig. The man asks, "Where did you get her?" The pig answered, "I won her at the fair."
Yo mama so fat she fell in love and broke it.
Did you hear about the blonde that got excited? She finished a jigsaw puzzle in six months, when the box said, "two to four years."
Q: Why did Captain Kirk go in to the ladies room? A: Because he wanted to go where no man had gone before.
How do you blindfold a Chinese person?
Put floss over their eyes.
Yo momma so ugly she is the reason they turn off the lights at the movie theater.
Three potatoes are standing on a corner. Which one is the prostitute? The one saying, "I-DA-HO."
How do you confuse a blonde? Put her in a circle and tell her to go to the corner.
If Mary had Jesus, and Jesus is the lamb of God, does that mean Mary had a little lamb?
Hold still, I'm trying to imagine you with a personality.
Four gay guys are sitting in a Jacuzzi when all of a sudden, a condom starts floating. One of the gay guys turns around and asks, "Okay, who farted?"
Q: Why does a milking stool only have 3 legs? A: Because the cow has the utter.
What's the difference between sin and shame?
It's a sin to put it in, but it's a shame to pull it out.
Q: Why did the school kids eat their homework? A: Because their teacher told them it was a piece of cake.
If tomatoes are a fruit, isn't ketchup a smoothie?
Golfer: "Do you think my game is improving?"Caddy: "Yes sir, you miss the ball much closer now."
Q: Why is a baseball game a good place to go on a hot day? A: Because there are lots of fans.
Why did so many black men get killed in Vietnam?

When the generals would yell, "Get down!" they would all start dancing.
How is Christmas like your job? You do all the work and the fat guy in the suit gets all the credit.
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down?It gets toad away.
If money doesn't grow on trees, why do banks have branches?
Q: What do you call the child of parents from Iceland and Cuba? A: An ice cube.
Q: What do KFC and pussy have in common? A: Both are finger lickin' good and after you are done eating you have a box to put the bone in.
Yo momma's so fat, that when she went to the zoo, the hippos got jealous.
Q. What did the elephant say to the naked man? A. "How do you breathe through something so small?"
Your mamma's so fat people jog around her for exercise.
Q: Why did the witches' team lose the baseball game? A: Their bats flew away.
I was wondering why the ball kept getting bigger and bigger, and then it hit me.
Did you hear about the two bald guys who put their heads together? They made an ass out of themselves!
If you call one of those psychic hotlines and they don't greet you by your name, you should hang up!
Yo momma's so fat, when she gets in an elevator, it has to go down.
Mother: "Are you talking back to me?!"Son: "Well yeah, that's kinda how communication works."
Q: What did the blanket say when it fell of the bed? A: "Oh sheet!"
Your mama is so stupid she thought fruit punch was a gay boxer.
Yo mamma is so fat she walked past the TV and I missed 3 episodes.
Yo mama's so fat, her soup bowl came with a lifeguard.
Wife: "Our new neighbor always kisses his wife when he leaves for work. Why don't you do that?"Husband: "How can I? I don't even know her."
Your face looks like it caught on fire and somebody tried to put it out with a fork.
Q: Why shouldn't you give Elsa a balloon? A: Because she'll let it go!
What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine? A BMW has pricks on the inside!
Yo momma's like a bowling ball: finger that bitch, then chunk her in the gutter.
Q: What happens when you cross a shark with a cow? A: I don't know but I wouldn't milk it.
Q: Why couldn't Dracula’s wife get to sleep? A: Because of his coffin.
Student: "Should I get in trouble for something I didn't do?"
Teacher: "No."
Student: "Good, because I didn't do my homework."
Yo momma so stupid, she wanted an apple and went to the Apple Store.
Pardon me, but you've obviously mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.
Yo mamma is so ugly, she scared the shit out of the toilet.
Yo momma's so fat, when I swerved to avoid her in the street I ran outta gas.
Yp mama so fat, she caused millions of dollar property damage.
Q: Why can't blondes tie shoes? A: They just can't grasp the concept that the long thing goes around the hole, not into it.
Yo momma's so fat, she's on both sides of the family.
Yo momma so fat her belt loops have mile markers.
Question: What did one toilet roll say to the other toilet roll? Answer: "People keep on ripping me off!"
What do you call a black man flying a plane? A pilot you fucking racist.
Your teeth are so big when you sneeze you bite your chest.
Why did the turkey cross the road? Because he wasn't a chicken.
What do you call men who use the pull out method? 

Fathers
Yo mama is like a campfire: everybody gets to stick their wieners in.
Yo momma's so fat, she got baptized at Sea World.
Yo momma is so fat that Dora can't even explore her!
One woman I was dating called and said, "Come on over, there's nobody home." I went over. Nobody was home.
Q: What do you get when you cross a fish and an elephant? A: Swimming trunks.
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy, so I said, "I want a second opinion." He said, "Okay, you're ugly too."
Q: Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? A: Because then it'd be a foot!
Yo mama's so stupid she put paper on the television and called it paper view.
Want to hear a Potassium joke? K.
Q: What kind of bees make milk instead of honey? A: Boo-bees
If I ever need a brain transplant, I'd choose yours because I'd want a brain that had never been used.
Yo mama's teeth so yellow, I can't believe its not butter.
What do you call a blonde with a brain? A golden retriever.
Yo mama so ugly she gives Freddy Krueger nightmares.
I left my Adderall in my Ford Fiesta, now it’s a Ford Focus.
A politician will find an excuse to get out of anything except office.
Yo momma is so poor for Christmas she took a box, put two sticks on it, spun it around, and said, "Here's your Xbox 360."
Q: What's red and bad for your teeth? A: A brick.
Yo momma so stupid it took her four hours to watch "60 Minutes."
Q: What does a lawyer wear to work?A: A law suit.
Yo momma's so fat, she fell into the Grand Canyon and got stuck!
Yo mama is so dumb, where it said, "Do not write here" on her application, she wrote "Ok."
Q: Why do Asians hate football? A: Because they spend 13 hours a day making them.
I've been in love with the same woman for 20 years. If my wife finds out, she'll kill me.
Yo momma is so ugly her momma had to tie a steak around her neck to get the dog to lick her.
Q: When can women make you a millionaire? A: When you're a billionaire.
Q: Who cares if you pee in the shower?A: The bride and all her guests, apparently.
Q: Why did the reporter rush into the ice cream shop?A: He was looking for a scoop.
Bill Clinton is no longer playing the saxophone. He is now playing the whore-Monica.
Q: What did the green grape say to the purple grape? A: "Breathe, stupid!"
Q: Have you heard about McDonald’s new Obama Value Meal? A: Order anything you like and the guy behind you has to pay for it.
Q: Why do hamburgers go to the gym A: To get better buns!
Q: Why did King Kong climb the Empire State Building? A: He couldn't fit in the elevator
Yo momma so stupid, when she saw YMCA, she said, "Look, they spelled Macy's wrong."
What do you call a Greek with 500 girlfriends? A shepherd.
Teacher: "Name a bird with wings but can't fly." Student: "A dead bird, sir."
What does Pinocchio's lover say to him? "Lie to me! Lie to me!"
Sure, I've seen people like you before, but I had to pay an admission fee.
Yo mama's so fat when I pictured her in my head she broke my neck.
Q: What starts with E, ends with E, and has only 1 letter in it? A: Envelope.
I named my hard drive "dat ass," so once a month my computer asks if I want to "back dat ass up."
I had sex with a Chinese woman last night. It was great, but an hour later I was STILL horny!
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
Q: Why don't blondes like to make Kool-Aid? A: They can't fit 8 quarts of water in that tiny little packet.
Q: Why did the old woman put roller skates on her rocking chair? A: Because she wanted to rock and roll.
Q. What do clouds do when they become rich?A. They make it rain!
How can you tell when a brunette is actually a blonde who dyes her hair? When she trips over the cordless phone.
Yo Mama So Stupid She Climbed A Glass Wall To See What Was On The Other Side
If the right side of the brain controls the left side of the body, then lefties are the only ones in their right mind.
Q: Why do bunnies have soft sex? A: They have cotton balls.
Q: How come oysters never donate to charity? A: Because they are shellfish.
Yo Momma so old, God was her first boyfriend.
Your momma is so stupid she put airbags on her computer in case it crashed.
You've got the perfect weapon against muggers. Your face.
Q: What do you call the space between Kim Kardashian's breasts and butt cheeks? A: Silicon Valley.
Q: Why can't orphans play baseball? A: Because they don't know where home is.
Q: What type of sandals do frogs wear? A: Open-toad!
Q: What is the difference between Tiger Woods and Santa Claus? A: Santa stops after three hos.
Yo momma is so fat she went to church with heels on and when she came back home they were flats.
Q: What did one wall say to the other wall? A: "Meet you at the corner!"
Yo mama so black, I shot at her and the bullet came back and asked for a flashlight
Yo mama so old, she knew 50 Cent when he was only a quarter.
Yo mamma is so fat, Bill Gates became broke after buying her dinner.
Yo Momma's so fat when I told her to touch her toes she said, "What are those"?
Yo momma so fat she wakes up on both sides of the bed.
Yo mama so fat, she doesn't need internet, she's already worldwide.
Research shows that 80% of men don’t know how to use condoms. These men are called dads.
Helen Keller walks into a bar, then a table, then a chair.
Yo mama so fat that when aliens came to invade us they said, "Wow! Two planets in one."
Yo momma is so stupid she brought a spoon to the super bowl.
Man: I want to give myself to you.Woman: Sorry, I don't accept cheap gifts.
How do you make five pounds of fat look good? Put a nipple on it!
I have received hundreds of replies to my ad for a husband. They all say the same thing - "Take mine."
Q: What is the difference between a Harley and a vacuum cleaner? A: The location of the dirt bag.
You know you're getting old when your wife says, "Honey, lets run upstairs and make love," and you answer, "I can't do both."
Yo momma's so fat, when she went to the beach, the whales sang, "We are family!"
Did you hear about the Chinese couple that had a black baby?They named it Sum Ting Wong
Q: Why did the blonde put water on her computer? A: To wash the Windows.
Q: Why were there 17 blondes standing outside the pub?A: Because the sign said you have to be 18 to enter.
Yo mamma so fat when she died she broke the stairway to heaven .
My friend told me he had the body of a Greek god. I had to explain to him that Buddha is not Greek.
A: Why does your nose run?B: Because it can't walk.
Your momma is so old when her breast milk comes out it's powder.
Q: What's the difference between a nun and a woman in a bathtub? A: One has hope in her soul and one has soap in her hole.
Q: Why are fish easy to weigh? A: Because they have their own scales.
What kind of sushi does Lady Gaga eat? Raw, raw, raw, raw, rawwww!
Yo momma's so fat, that when she fell, no one was laughing but the ground was cracking up.
Q: What do you call a pig that does karate? A: A pork chop.
Q: When the smog lifts in Los Angeles, what happens? A: UCLA.
What do your boss and a slinky have in common? They’re both fun to watch tumble down the stairs.
Q: What do you call someone without a nose or a body? A: Nobodynose.
Teacher: "I asked you to draw a cow and grass, but I only see a cow. Where is grass?" Student: "The cow ate the grass, sir."
Q: What do u call a seagull flying over the bay?A: A bagel.
Yo momma's so hairy when she went too the zoo everybody screamed, "The gorilla's loose!"
Q.  What can you give and keep at the same time?A.  A cold!
Yo mamma so stupid she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order.
Yo mama is so ugly she made my happy meal cry
Yo mama's so broke that she couldn't even pay attention.
How to be Insulting in Church: Sing out of tune in all the hymns and try singing half a line behind everyone else.
Yo momma's so ugly, the government moved Halloween to her birthday!
Q: What do you call stoned Mexicans? A: Baked beans.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
Q: What is the dirtiest line said on television? A: "Ward, I think you were a little hard on the Beaver last night."
What did the egg say after he was put in a pot of boiling water? I just got laid by a chick and now I'm getting hard.
Q: Why do witches wear name tags? A: To know which witch is which!
When I was young, I used to eat a lot because my parents told me that fat kids are harder to kidnap.
Q: How does Moses make his tea? A: Hebrews it.
Q: How do fish get high? A: Seaweed.
What do you call an Indian man which is on fire?Ima Singin.
If athletes get athletes foot, what do astronauts get? Missletoe!
Blonde: "What is the second to last letter of the alphabet?" Redhead: "Y." Blonde: "Because I want to know. Why do you have to question everything?!"
How do white fairytales start? "Once upon a time," How do black fairytales start? "N*** you ain't gonna believe this!"
I had a broken vacuum, then I put a One Direction sticker on it and it suddenly sucked again.
Your Halloween costume came in the mail today. I opened it. It was a rooster mask and a bag of lollipops. Going as a c*ck sucker again!?
Yo momma's so fat she needs cheat codes for Wii Fit.
Q: What do computers eat for a snack? A: Microchips!
Q: What city are you in when you drop your waffle on the beach? A: Sandy Eggo.
Yo mama so skinny she can dodge raindrops.
What do you call a mexican shopping at Nordstrom's? Lost......
Yo momma is so ugly that when the Kool-Aid man broke through her wall he said, "Oh noooo!"
How do you embarrass an archaeologist? Show him a used tampon and ask, "What period is this from?"
Patient: "I get a terrible pain in my eye when I drink a cup of coffee." Doctor: "Try taking the spoon out."
What is so great about being a test tube baby? You get a womb with a view.
Q: What did Gandhi say to the British, after they asked him to move? A: Nah, mastay.
Q: How do you make NY Jets cookies? A: Put them in a bowl and beat them for three hours.
Yo momma so ugly her pillow cries at night!
Yo mama so poor her front door and back door are on the same hinges.
Yo momma's so fat she puts a cup of water in the bathtub and it still overflows!
Class trip to the Coca-Cola factory today. I hope there's no pop quiz.
Yo mamma is so old she knew Burger King when he was a prince.
Q: What’s the difference between a smart blonde and a unicorn? A: Nothing, they're both fictional characters.
A black guy has three wishes. He wishes to be white, uptight, and out of sight. Poof, he's a tampon.
Why is Christmas just like a day at the office? You do all the work and the fat guy with the suit gets all the credit.
How many cops does it take to arrest a Mexican? 

Eight. One to carry him, the rest to carry his oranges.
Yo momma is so stupid she tried to climb Mountain Dew.
Why did Humpty Dumpty push his girlfriend off the wall?So he could see her crack!
The difference between like and love is spit and swallow.
What do you get when you cross a corrupt lawyer with a crooked politician? Chelsea Clinton.
Q: Why do the French eat snails?A: They don't like fast food.
A patient says, “Doctor, can I get AIDS from a toilet seat?”
The doctor replies, “Yes, but only by sitting down before the last guy gets up.”
What did the blonde say when she found out she was pregnant?

I wonder if it's mine.
Why does the Polish Navy have glass-bottomed boats? 

So they can see the old Polish Navy.
If I wanted to listen to an asshole, I'd fart.
Three words to ruin a man's ego. "Is it in?"
Bob: "Why did the chicken cross the road?" Joe: "To get to the idiot's house." Bob: "Knock knock." Joe: "Who's there?" Bob: "The chicken."
Yo momma's so fat and old when God said, "Let there be light," he asked your mother to move out of the way.
When Magnesium and Oxygen started dating I was like, "O MG!"
Yo momma's breath smelled so bad when she walked by a clock it said, "Tic Tac."
I went to the bank the other day and asked the banker to check my balance, so she pushed me!
Q: Why do seagulls fly over the sea? A: Because if they flew over the bay they'd be bagels.
Three blondes walk into a building.  You'd think one of them would've seen it.....
Your family tree must be a cactus, because everyone in it is a prick.
What do you do when your wife is staggering? Shoot her again.
Q: What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A: A thesaurus.
Why did the blonde put her iPad in a blender? Because she wanted to make apple juice.
What did the psychiatrist say when a man wearing nothing but saran wrap walked in to the office?

I can clearly see "you're" nuts....
Yo mama is so small she can't even get high.
Don't break anybody's heart; they only have 1. Break their bones; they have 206.
Teacher: "Jill, where is the America on the map?" Jill: "Right there, ma'am." Teacher: "Correct. Now, Jack, tell me who found America." Jack: "Jill."
Your momma is so hairy when she opens her legs it says "Welcome to Busch Gardens."
Q: What did the hurricane say to the palm tree? A: "Better hold onto your nuts because this is no ordinary blowjob."
Yo momma's so fat, she has more rolls than a bakery.
Yo momma's so fat, even Dora can't explore her.
Q: What starts with F and ends with U-C-K?A: Firetruck.
Q: Whats the difference between a politician and a snail? A: One is slimy, a pest, and leaves a trail everywhere and the other is a snail.
Yo mama is so stupid she came over to my house and shouted in my mailbox to leave me voicemail.
Yo mamma is so ugly when she took a bath the water jumped out.
Yo momma is so short, when she went to meet Santa he said, "Go back to work!"
Yo momma's so stupid, she thought Dickies were condoms for kids.
If I throw a stick, will you go away?
Q: What do you call two Mexicans playing basketball? A: Juan on Juan.
Whoever invented knock knock jokes should get a no bell prize.
Your momma so ugly she has to sneak up on the mirror.
Q: What kind of car does Jesus drive? A: A Christler.
You're lucky to be born beautiful, unlike me, who was born to be a big liar.
Yo momma is so poor she went running after the garbage truck with a grocery list.
God made rivers, God made lakes, God made you, Hell, everyone makes mistakes.
Q: What do elves learn in school? A: The Elfabet.
Yo momma is so poor that when I asked her whats for dinner tonight she lit her pocket on fire and said, "hot pocket."
What do you call a black guy flying a plane?
A pilot, you racist.
Yo mama is so stupid she took the puzzle back to the store because she thought it was broken!
Q.  What's a shark's favorite sandwich? A.  Peanut butter and jellyfish!
Yo momma is so fat when she sat on WalMart, she lowered the prices.
Teacher: "What is the chemical formula for water?" Student: "HIJKLMNO." Teacher: "What are you talking about?" Student: "Yesterday you said it's H to O!"
Q: How do you turn white chocolate into dark chocolate? A: Turn off the light.
Q: Why cant you hear a pterodactyl pee? A: Because the "p" is silent.
When my girlfriend said she was leaving because of my obsession with The Monkees, I thought she was joking. And then I saw her face.
Yo mama's so stupid she studies for a blood test.
Scientists have discovered a food that diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90%. It's called a wedding cake.
My friend said he knew a man with a wooden leg named Steve, so I asked him, "What's the name of his other leg?"
Q: Why did the blonde return the puzzle? A: It was broken.
Women might be able to fake orgasms, but men can fake a whole relationship.
A wife asked her husband, "Honey, will you still love me when I am old and overweight?" The man replied, "Yes, I do."
Teacher: "Answer this math problem: if your father earns $500 a week and gives half to your mother. What will he have?" Student: "A heart attack."
If you were born in September, it's pretty safe to assume that your parents started their new year with a bang.
If women aren't supposed to be in the kitchen, then why do they have milk and eggs inside them?!
Q: Did you hear about the guy who drank 8 Cokes? A: He burped 7Up.
Q: Why shouldn't Facebook have paid $1 billion dollars for Instagram? A: They could've downloaded it for free!
Q. What's an astronaut's favorite social media website?A. MySpace
Q: What do you call a belt with a watch on it? A: A waist of time.
Q: What did the beaver say to the tree? A: "It's been nice gnawing you!"
Why are there no K-Marts in Syria?Cause there are targets everywhere!
Q: How can you get four suits for a dollar? A: Buy a deck of cards.
Yo mama is so ugly when the devil saw her, he started praying.
Q: Why are there no knock knock jokes about America? A: Because freedom rings!
Q: What did the magnet say to the other magnet? A: I find you very attractive!
Q: Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? A: Of course. The Empire State Building can't jump.
You're so fat you're the reason why the Earth is tilted.
Q: Why did the one armed man cross the road? A: To get to the second hand shop.
What happens if a Asian with an erection walks into a wall? He breaks his nose
Q: What do you call a rabbit that has fleas? A: Bugs bunny.
Yo momma so stupid when she went to Subway, she asked for a ticket to Chicago.
Q: Why are Helium, Curium, and Barium the medical elements? A: Because if you can't heal-ium or cure-ium, you bury-um.
Q: Why don't cannibals eat comedians? A: They taste funny.
How many men does it take to open a beer? None. It should be opened by the time she brings it.
Chintu: "You never study, so how come you don't fail your math tests?" Pintu: "Because whenever there is a math test, I don't go to school!"
Yo mama is just like a lawn mower: everyone gets a push.
Nurse: "The invisible man is here for his appointment." Doctor: "Tell him I'm sorry I can't see him right now."
How to be Insulting in Theaters: Noisy wrappings on sweets can be unwrapped at moments of tension when the rest of the theatre is silent.
Teacher: "What is the present tense for the sentence 'I killed  someone'?" Student: "The present tense would be 'I am in prison.'"
Yo momma's so dumb, when y'all were driving to Disneyland, she saw a sign that said "Disneyland left," so she went home.
Teacher: How much is a gram?Tyronne: Uhmm, depends on what you need
Yo mama so fat she got a job at the movie theater as the screen!
Why isn't the turkey hungry at Thanksgiving? Because he's already stuffed!
Why did Mickey Mouse go to space? To visit Pluto.
Q: Why did the dinosaur cross the road? A: Chickens didn't exist yet.
Q: Why are blonde jokes so short? A: So brunettes can remember them.
Have you heard about the two gay Irishmen? 

Mike Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzmike.
You're so stupid, you threw a rock at the ground and missed.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
Q: What's the difference between America and yogurt? A: If you leave yogurt alone for 200 years, it develops a culture.
Q: Have you heard about the new restaurant called Karma? A: There’s no menu; you get what you deserve.
Yo momma so dumb that when she was locked in a grocery store she starved!
That isn't your forehead, it's your hair trying to run away from your face!
What's the difference between yogurt and Italians? Yogurt has a working culture.
What do u call two Mexicans playing basketball? Juan-on-Juan.
''Doctor, my nose is 11 inches long!"''Come back when it grows into a foot!"
This is Ima Singin, I am really offended by this joke.There is Sum Ting Wong with your sense of humor if you think thats funny
Your mama is so fat that her BMI is measured in acres.
Q: What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? A: Sneakers.
Q: Why did the man take toilet paper to the party? A: Because he was a party pooper.
Q: What's the last thing that goes through a bug's mind as it hits your windshield? A: Its butt.
Teacher: "What is the largest city?" Student: "Electricity!"
Why did the tomato turn red? Because he saw the salad dressing!
So I asked a blonde, "Which is closer, Florida or the Sun?"

She said, "The Sun, because I can look up and see it.
Q: Why didn’t the melons get married? A: Because they cantaloupe.
Q: Why can't you trust an atom? A: Because they make up everything.
Q: Why couldn't the leopard play hide and seek? A: Because he was always spotted.
Why do Mexican kids eat tamales on Christmas? 

So they can have something to unwrap.
If Thanksgiving is your left leg and Christmas is your right leg, can I visit between the holidays?
Yo momma is so stupid that she sat on the TV to watch the couch.
Q: How are U.F.Os and smart Blondes in common? A: You keep hearing about them but you never see them!
Yo momma is so stupid when I told her Christmas is right around the corner she went looking for it.
What do you see when the Pillsbury Doughboy bends over?

Doughnuts!
20 years ago we had Johnny Cash, Bob Hope, and Steve Jobs. Now we have no cash, no hope, and no jobs.
In the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth... After that, everything else was made in China.
Knock, knock. Who's there? Ach. Ach who? Bless you! Need a tissue?
Q: Why did the dinosaur cross the road?A: Because chickens weren't around yet.
Yo mama's armpit is so hairy it looks like she has Bigfoot in a headlock.
Yo momma so stupid she stuck a phone up her butt and thought she was making a booty call!
Yo mama is so fat that when she takes a shower her feet don't get wet.
Q: Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? A: In case he got a hole in one.
Q: How do you make a witch itch? A: Take away her "w".
Q: What do you get when you cross a chicken and a vacuum? A: A cocksucker.
What is easier to pick up the heavier it gets? Women.
Q: What do you call a Filipino contortionist? A: A Manila folder.
Q: How do you drown a blonde in a submarine? A: Knock on the door.
Why is Santa Claus so jolly? Because he knows where all the naughty girls live.
Q: What's the difference between England and a teabag? A: A teabag could stay in the cup for longer.
Q: What do you call a midget psychic who just escaped from prison? A: A small medium at large.
You're lucky mirrors don't talk, or laugh for that matter.
Q: Why are atoms Catholic? A: Because they have mass.
Q: Why were there bullet holes in the mirror? A: A blonde tried killing herself.
Insult: If you were any dumber, your head would implode.Response: If you were a little bit more intelligent you'd still be stupid.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable, like a coma.
How many snowboarders does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 50: 3 to die trying, 1 to actually pull it off, and 46 other to say, "man, I could do that!"
A man was walking down the street and saw a sign in a store window that said "Help Wanted," so the man ran in the store and yelled out, "What's wrong?!"
There's a new drug for lesbians on the market to cure depression, it's called Trycoxagain.
A German asks a Mexican if they have any Jews in Mexico. The Mexican says, “Sí, we have orange jews, apple jews, and grape jews!”
Yo momma is so fat she sat on the rainbow and Skittles came out.
Life is like a penis: women make it hard for no reason.
Yo momma's so fat, when we asked her what her hometown is, she said, "Buffet."
Q: How do you confuse a blonde?A: Give her a box of corn flakes and tell her it's a jigsaw puzzle.
Yo mamma's so stupid, she uses hair spray to clean her pet rabbit!
Yo momma's so fat, her belt size is "Equator."
Yo momma's so fat, when she jumped for joy she got stuck!
Girlfriend: "Am I pretty or ugly?" Boyfriend: "You're both." Girlfriend: "What do you mean?" Boyfriend: "You're pretty ugly."
Yo mama is so stupid, she walked into Walgreens and said, "These walls ain't green."
Roses are red. Violets are blue. I have five fingers; The middle one's for you.
What is a Mexican's favorite sport? Cross-country.
Yo mamma's so stupid, she thought Free Willy was a porno film.
I told my wife that I would get a tattoo on my pecker of a one-million dollar bill. This way she can blow a million bucks without leaving the house.
Yo Momma's teeth are so yellow, that when she smiles, traffic slows down!
Q: Why are ghosts bad liars? A: You can see right through them.
Yo momma so stupid, she tried to talk into an envelope to send a voicemail.
Q: How many politicians does it take to change a light bulb? A: Two: one to change it and another one to change it back again.
Yo momma so hairy Bigfoot took a picture of HER!
I don't mind that you are talking, so long as you don't mind that I'm not listening.
Q: What did the 30 degree angle say to the 90 degree angle? A: "You think you're always right!"
Q: What does a nosy pepper do? A: It gets jalapeño business.
Q: What's the difference between a wife and a mistress? A: About fifty pounds.
Q: What has eight arms and an IQ of 60? A: Four guys drinking Bud Light and watching a football game!
