Sorry I'm late traffic is exactly how it's been every day for the past 5 years and I was not expecting that.
What's Blonde and dead in a closet? The Hide and Seek Champion from 1995.
Deodorant? No, I've never needed to buy any. People just give it to me, complete strangers sometimes.
Moses had the first tablet that could connect to the cloud.
When I was a boy, I had a disease that required me to eat dirt three times a day in order to survive... It's a good thing my older brother told me about it.
A mexican magician was doing a magic trick. He said, Uno, Dose, and he disappeared without a trace
What's the difference between a northern fairytale and a southern fairytale? A northern fairytale begins "Once upon a time ..." A southern fairytale begins "Y'all ain't gonna believe this shit ..."
Just burned 2,000 calories. That's the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I nap.
My girlfriend told me she was leaving me because I keep pretending to be a Transformer. I said, "No, wait! I can change."
The first computer dates back to Adam and Eve. It was an Apple with limited memory, just one byte. And then everything crashed.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
If you're still looking for that one person who will change your life take a look in the mirror.
You have two parts of brain, 'left' and 'right'. In the left side, there's nothing right. In the right side, there's nothing left.
About a month before he died, my uncle had his back covered in lard. After that, he went down hill fast.
With the rise of self-driving vehicles, it's only a matter of time before we get a country song where a guy's truck leaves him too.
"Doctor, there's a patient on line 1 that says he's invisible"
"Well, tell him I can't see him right now."
eBay is so useless. I tried to look up lighters and all they had was 13,749 matches.
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you.
Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth?
I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.
A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.
Behind every angry woman is a man who has absolutely no idea what he did wrong.
My girlfriend broke up with me so I took her wheelchair. Guess who came crawling back.
Don't trust atoms, they make up everything.
I hope when I inevitably choke to death on gummy bears people just say I was killed by bears and leave it at that.
I asked my North Korean friend how it was there, he said he couldn't complain.
I changed my password to "incorrect". So whenever I forget what it is the computer will say "Your password is incorrect".
Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.

I think my neighbor is stalking me as she's been googling my name on her computer. I saw it through my telescope last night.
Don't spell part backwards. It's a trap.
When wearing a bikini, women reveal 90 % of their body... men are so polite they only look at the covered parts.
Thanks for explaining the word "many" to me, it means a lot.
Math Teacher: "If I have 5 bottles in one hand and 6 in the other hand, what do I have?" 
Student: "A drinking problem."
My boss is going to fire the employee with the worst posture. I have a hunch, it might be me.
I got a new pair of gloves today, but they're both 'lefts' which, on the one hand, is great, but on the other, it's just not right.
My dad died when we couldn't remember his blood type. As he died, he kept insisting for us to "be positive," but it's hard without him.
I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
*forgets to bring phone into the bathroom* I'm off the grid
Most people are shocked when they find out how incompetent I am as an electrician.
I hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious.
Just read that 4,153,237 people got married last year, not to cause any trouble but shouldn't that be an even number?
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
Can I have your picture so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?
What is the best thing about living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.
Q: What do you call the security outside of a Samsung Store? A: Guardians of the Galaxy.
My girlfriend is always stealing my t-shirts and sweaters... But if I take one of her dresses, suddenly "we need to talk".
What's the difference between a black dad and a boomerang? A boomerang comes back.
When a woman says "what?" It's not because she didn't hear you. She's just giving you a chance to change what you said.
A doctor tells a woman she can no longer touch anything alcoholic. So she gets a divorce.
I have noticed that everyone who is for abortion, has already been born.
Life without women would be a pain in the ass, literally.
Alcohol is a perfect solvent: It dissolves marriages, families and careers.
R.I.P boiled water. You will be mist.
God grades on the cross, not the curve.
Maybe if we start telling people the brain is an app they will start using it.
What's the difference between men and pigs? Pigs don't turn into men when they drink.
TRUE FRIENDSHIP: Walking into a persons house and your wifi connects automatically.
My wife just found out I replaced our bed with a trampoline; she hit the roof.
Being an adult is just walking around wondering what you're forgetting.
I like older men because they've gotten used to life's disappointments. Which means they're ready for me.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
You won't drink away the alcoholism.
People used to laugh at me when I would say "I want to be a comedian", well nobody's laughing now.
I'm not saying your perfume is too strong. I'm just saying the canary was alive before you got here.
On a scale of North Korea to America, how free are you tonight?
I accidentally handed my wife a glue stick instead of a chapstick. She still isn't talking to me.
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it's perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants, but he's still making fun of me.
If God is your co-pilot - swap seats.
That one liner 'i'm not drinking too much tonight' never goes as planned...
The future, the present and the past walked into a bar. Things got a little tense.
Learn from yesterday, live for today and have hope for tomorrow.
Temples are free to enter but still empty. Pubs charge to enter, but are full. People ignore inner peace &choose to pay for self destruction
Prayer: Don't give God instructions -- just report for duty!
When my boss asked me who is the stupid one, me or him? I told him everyone knows he doesn't hire stupid people.
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
I grew a beard thinking it would say "Distinguished Gentleman." Instead, turns out it says, "Senior Discount, Please!"
My mom said that if I don't get off my computer and do my homework she'll slam my head on the keyboard, but I think she's jokinfjreoiwjrtwe4to8rkljreun8f4ny84c8y4t58lym4wthylmhawt4mylt4amlathnatyn
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
According to most studies, people's number one fear is public speaking. Number two is death. Death is number two. Does that sound right? This means to the average person, if you go to a funeral, you're better off in the casket than doing the eulogy.
I always feel better when my doctor says something is normal for my age but then think dying will also be normal for my age at some point.
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance. We'll see about that.
Why do black people call each other brothers? Because they don't know who there father's are.
I tried to escape the Apple store. I couldn't because there were no Windows.
When I told the doctor about my loss of memory, he made me pay in advance.
How did I escape Iraq? Iran.
When you get to your wit's end, You'll find God lives there.
At what age is it appropriate to tell my dog that he's adopted?
Aging gracefully is like the nice way of saying you're slowly looking worse.
Circumcision is popular because Jewish girls won't touch anything that's not at least 15% off.
Plan ahead - It wasn't raining when Noah built the ark.
If you're not supposed to eat at night, why is there a light bulb in the refrigerator?
Life is all about perspective. The sinking of the Titanic was a miracle to the lobsters in the ship's kitchen.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day.
I have never understood why women love cats. Cats are independent, they don't listen, they don't come in when you call, they like to stay out all night, and when they're home they like to be left alone and sleep. In other words, every quality that women hate in a man, they love in a cat.
I just found out I'm colorblind. The diagnosis came completely out of the purple.
An old teacher asked her student, "If I say, 'I am beautiful,' which tense is that?" 
The student replied, "It is obviously past."
Women spend more time wondering what men are thinking than men spend thinking.
I started out with nothing, and I still have most of it.
That awkward moment when you leave a store without buying anything and all you can think is "act natural, you're innocent".
The older I get, the earlier it gets late.
To be happy with a man, you must understand him a lot and love him a little. To be happy with a woman, you must love her a lot and not try to understand her at all.
Anal intercourse is for assholes.
Entered what I ate today into my new fitness app and it just sent an ambulance to my house.
It is easier to preach ten sermons than it is to live one.
I have a dog to provide me with unconditional love but I also have a cat to remind me that I don't deserve it. It's all about balance.
Did you know that dolphins are so smart that within a few weeks of captivity, they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish?
Before I criticize a man, I like to walk a mile in his shoes. That way, when I do criticize him, I'm a mile away and I have his shoes.
I like having conversations with kids. Grownups never ask me what my third favorite reptile is.
Team work is important; it helps to put the blame on someone else.
A clean house is the sign of a broken computer.
If a church wants a better pastor, It only needs to pray for the one it has. 
As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in schools.
Isn't it great to live in the 21st century? Where deleting history has become more important than making it.
Moses was leading his people through the desert for 40 years. It seems, even in Biblical times men avoided asking the way.
Photons have mass? I didn't even know they were Catholic.
I'm great at multitasking. I can waste time, be unproductive, and procrastinate all at once.
How is it that I always seem to buy the plants without the will to live?
Smoking will kill you... Bacon will kill you... But,smoking bacon will cure it.
The best mathematical equation I have ever seen: 1 cross + 3 nails= 4 given.
My wife and I were happy for twenty years. Then we met.
I was addicted to the hokey pokey... but thankfully, I turned myself around.
My dream woman has a special combination of inner and outer beauty and is, most importantly, too naive to know she's way out of my league.
Last night in my dream I was peeing in bed. Dreams do come true I realized in the morning.
My girlfriend was complaining last night that I never listen to her. Or something like that...
In the sentence of life, the devil may be a comma - but never let him be the period.
A Chinese couple had a black baby and named it sum ting Wong.
Did Noah include termites on the ark?
Everyone my age is older than me...
Never laugh at your girlfriends choices... your one of them.
All the problems fade before a hangover
You are so ugly if they laid you on the beach, not even the tide would take you.
I just asked my husband if he remembers what today is... Scaring men is easy.
I like Jesus but he loves me, so it's awkward.
I'm not insulting you. I'm describing you.
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
My son asked me what it's like to be married so I told him to leave me alone and when he did I asked him why he was ignoring me.
The Man Who Created Autocorrect Has Died. Resturant In Peace.
She wanted a puppy. But I didn't want a puppy. So we compromised and got a puppy.
To the mathematicians who thought of the idea of zero, thanks for nothing!
Strong people don't put others down. They lift them up and slam them on the ground for maximum damage.
Intelligence is like an underwear. It is important that you have it, but not necessary that you show it off.
A conclusion is the part where you got tired of thinking.
Feeling pretty proud of myself. The Sesame Street puzzle I bought said 3-5 years, but I finished it in 18 months.
Talking to a liberal is like trying to explain social media to a 70 years old.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not too sure.
A man walks into a bar with a roll of tarmac under his arm and says: "Pint please, and one for the road." 
To this day, the boy that used to bully me at school still takes my lunch money. On the plus side, he makes great Subway sandwiches.
What's faster then a black kid running down the street with your tv? His brother with your Xbox.
I have as much authority as the Pope, i just don't have as many people who believe it.
Why is it so hard for women to find men that are sensitive, caring, and good-looking? Because those men already have boyfriends.
Scientists say the universe is made up of Protons, Neutrons, and Electrons. They forgot to mention Morons.
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.
What's the difference of deer nuts and beer nuts? Beer nuts are a $1.75, but deer nut are under a buck.
A person has to have a warm heart and a cold beer.
I saw two guys wearing matching clothing and I asked if they were gay. They quickly arrested me.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? 
It's okay. He woke up.
A cop just knocked on my door and told me that my dogs were chasing people on bikes. My dogs don't even own bikes...
You take away the looks, money, intelligence, charm and success and, really, there's no real difference between me and George Clooney.
God gave us the brain to work out problems. However, we use it to create more problems.
Before I tell my wife something important, I take both her hands in mine. That way she can't hit me with them.
Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.
Don't let your worries get the best of you; remember, Moses started out as a basket case.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
I would request a last meal of soda and pop rocks so I could die on my own terms.
The question isn't at what age I want to retire, it's at what income.
The Big Bang Theory: God Spoke and BANG! it happened. 
My job is secure. No one else wants it.
My wife suggested we should try some role reversal in bed so I told her I have a headache.
Why are there so many old people in Church? They're cramming for the final.
Nurse: "We need a stool sample and a urine sample."
Man to wife: "What did she say?"
Wife to husband: "They want your underwear."
I asked my wife what she wanted for Christmas. She told me "Nothing would make her happier than a diamond necklace" So I bought her nothing.
I saw an ad for burial plots, and thought to myself this is the last thing I need.
A liberal is just a conservative that hasn't been mugged yet.
I asked my wife if she ever fantasizes about me, she said yes - about me taking out the trash, mowing the lawn, and doing the dishes.
My first job was being a diesel fitter at a pantyhose factory. As they came off the line, I would hold them up and say, "yeah, Deez-el fit her."
Why was Cinderella thrown off the basketball team? She ran away from the ball.
Don't you hate it when someone answers their own questions? I do.
My wife likes it when I blow air on her when she's hot, but honestly... I'm not a fan.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
The dinner I was cooking for my family was going to be a surprise but the fire trucks ruined it.
A little boy asked his father, "Daddy, how much does it cost to get married?" Father replied, "I don't know son, I'm still paying."
I have a few jokes about unemployed people but it doesn't matter none of them work.
Atheists don't solve exponential equations because they don't believe in higher powers.
Girl you're like a car accident, cause I just can't look away.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
The road to success is always under construction.
When I call a family meeting I turn off the house wifi and wait for them all to come running.
My doctor told me I needed to break a sweat once a day so I told him I'd start lying to my wife.
Claustrophobic people are more productive thinking out of the box.
The reason a dog has so many friends is that he wags his tail instead of his tongue.
I think we should get rid of democracy. All in favor raise your hand.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
Some people are kind, polite, and sweet-spirited until you try to sit in their pews.
I couldn't quite remember how to throw a boomerang, but eventually, it came back to me.
Tequila is a good drink: you drink it and you feel like a cactus; the only problem is that in the morning the thorns grow inward.
How many gays does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Two. One to screw it in and another to stand around and say 'FABULOUS!'
Relationships are a lot like algebra.  Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
I don't approve of political jokes...I've seen too many of them get elected. 
Apparently I snore so loudly that it scares everyone in the car I'm driving.
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
If I had a dollar for every time someone called me a racist, I'd have enough money for a black guy to rob me and a jew to pick up the coins he drops as he runs away.
Improve your memory by doing unforgettable things.
Occasionally, a true friend gives his paw not his hand...
Why do the French eat snails? They don't like fast food.
A healthy sleep not only makes your life longer, but also shortens the workday.
I'm sorry I wasn't part of your past, can I make it up by being in your future?
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
A dad is washing the car with his son. After a moment, the son asks his father, "Do you think we could use a sponge instead?"
I'm emotionally constipated. I haven't given a shit in days.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
My girlfriends dad asked me what I do. Apparently, "your daughter" wasn't the right answer.
Why is the day that you do laundry, cook, clean, iron and so on, called a day off?
Sometimes we expect more from others because we would be willing to do that much more for them.
Now what's on the menu? Me-n-u
Time may be a great healer but it's also a lousy beautician.
A man is being arrested by a female police officer, who informs him, "Anything you say can and will be held against you." The man replies, "Boobs!"
Know what the hardest part of riding a scooter is? Telling your parents you're gay.
My girlfriend left me because she couldn't handle my OCD. I told her to close the door five times on her way out.
If at first you don't succeed, we have a lot in common.
Thieves had broken into my house and stolen everything except my soap, shower gel, towels and deodorant. Dirty Bastards.
I love how in horror movies the person will ask, "Is anyone there?" As if the killer would say "Oh yeah I'm in the kitchen. Want a sandwich?"
Son: "Dad, can you tell me what a solar eclipse is?"
Dad: "No sun."
Dont be afraid to stand for what you believe in, even if that means standing alone.
I refused to believe my road worker father was stealing from his job, but when I got home, all the signs were there.
You're old enough to remember when emojis were called "hieroglyphics."
Life is like toilet paper, you're either on a roll or taking shit from some asshole.
Children in the dark make accidents, but accidents in the dark make children.
My wife is so negative. I remembered the car seat, the stroller, AND the diaper bag. Yet all she can talk about is how I forgot the baby.
An optimist believes that we live in the best world. A pessimist is afraid that it might be true.
If a woman sleeps with 10 men she's a slut, but if a man does it… He's gay, definitely gay.
Diet Day #1 - I removed all the fattening food from my house. It was delicious.
If sex is a pain in the ass, then you're doing it wrong ...
When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane and going the wrong way.
I got gas for $1.39 today. Unfortunately, it was at Taco Bell.
Writing a horror screenplay. It starts off with a ringing phone. The person answers, and it's their mum saying "I have a computer question."
Letting the cat out of the bag is a whole lot easier than putting it back in.
It was only when I bought a motorbike that I found out that adrenaline is brown.
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my 17 brothers and sisters and they didn't know either.
Failure is not falling down, it is not getting up again.
My email password has been hacked. That's the third time I've had to rename the cat.
It's funny, when I walk into a spider web I demolish his home and misplace his dinner yet I still feel like the victim.
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
It's just a bad day, not a bad life.
I know milk does a body good, but damn girl, how much have you been drinking?
He is so old that he gets nostalgic when he sees the Neolithic cave paintings.
Money talks ...but all mine ever says is good-bye.
A good wife always forgives her husband when she's wrong.
What did E.T.'s mother say to him when he got home? "Where on Earth have you been?!"
What's worse than waking up at a party and finding a penis drawn on your face? Finding out it was traced.
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea... does that mean that one enjoys it?
We just got a fax. At work. We didn't know we had a fax machine. The entire department just stared at it. I poked it with a stick.
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
Best friends: Ready to die for each other, but will fight to the death over the last slice of pizza.
Two windmills are standing in a field and one asks the other, "What kind of music do you like?" 
The other says, "I'm a big metal fan."
My husband is on the roof - only a few inches away from an insurance claim that could completely change my life.
Spoiler alert! The milk has been in the fridge for three weeks.
I bought a vacuum cleaner six months ago and so far all it's been doing is gathering dust.
One day you're the best thing since sliced bread. The next, you're toast.
When I lose the TV controller, it's always hidden in some remote destination.
Childs experience: if a mother is laughing at the fathers jokes, it means they have guests.
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a bicycle and a nicely dressed man on a tricycle? A tire.
How did Mary and Joseph know that Jesus weighed 4.2 kg? Cause thay had a weigh in the mangor.
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Your life doesn't get better by chance. It gets better by choice.
If you think nobody cares whether you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
I named my hard drive "dat ass" so once a month my computer asks if I want to 'back dat ass up'.
Chinese kid was born before the due date. Parents named him Sudden Lee.
Children in the back seats of cars cause accidents, but accidents in the back seats of cars cause children.
I gave up my seat to a blind person in the bus. That is how I lost my job as a bus driver.
My love for you is like dividing by zero - it cannot be defined.
Let me make this simple, I want to be invited but I don't want to go.
I named my dog 6 miles so I can tell people that I walk 6 miles every single day.
Time waits for no man, time is obviously a woman.
They should build the wall with Hillary's emails because nobody can get over them.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
Whenever someone calls me ugly, I get super sad and hug them, because I know how tough life is for the visually impaired.
I saw a sign that said "Watch for children" and I thought, "That sounds like a fair trade".
You can make a water-bed more bouncy by using spring water.
Walking my dog we saw a guy in a suit walking his dog and I know my dog is thinking I don't dress nice for him anymore.
I eat my tacos over a Tortilla. That way when stuff falls out, BOOM, another taco.
My best mates and I played a game of hiding and seek. It went on for hours... Well, good friends are hard to find.
A courtroom artist was arrested today for an unknown reason... details are sketchy.
I live in constant fear that my kid will become a famous artist or painter and I will have thrown out about a trillion dollars of her work.
I was going to look for my missing watch, but I could never find the time.
Never trust a dog to watch your food.
I won $3 million on the lottery this weekend so I decided to donate a quarter of it to charity. Now I have $2,999,999.75.
You know you're ugly when it comes to a group picture and they hand you the camera.
My password is the last 16 digits of Pi.
Wife: "I look fat. Can you give me a compliment?" Husband: "You have perfect eyesight."
My boss told me to have a good day. So I went home.
Support bacteria - they're the only culture some people have.
My therapist told me that a great way to let go of your anger is to write letters to people you hate and then burn them. I did that and I feel much better but I'm wondering... do I keep the letters?
I ordered 2000 lbs. of chinese soup. It was Won Ton.
Everything always ends well. If not – it's probably not the end.
I'm really good at stuff until people watch me do that stuff.
America is a country which produces citizens who will cross the ocean to fight for democracy but won't cross the street to vote.
Whatever you do always give 100 %. Unless you are donating blood.
You're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
1 in 5 people in the world are Chinese. There are 5 people in my family, so it must be one of them. It's either my mum or my dad. Or my older brother Colin. Or my younger brother Ho-Cha-Chu. But I think it's Colin.
People are making end of the world jokes. Like there is no tomorrow.
Keep the dream alive: Hit the snooze button.
Excuse me? Do you work at Little Ceasars? Cuz Ur Hot And I'm Ready.
My girlfriend said, "You act like a detective too much. I want to split up." "Good idea," I replied. "We can cover more ground that way."
"No, thanks. I'm a vegetarian." is a fun thing to say when someone hands you their baby.
Pavlov walks into a bar. The phone rings, and he says, "Damn, I forgot to feed the dog."
It is true that you may fool all of the people some of the time; you can even fool some the people all of the time; but you can't fool all of the people all of the time.
And in her smile I see something more beautiful than the stars.
Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose.
The problem with trouble shooting is that trouble shoots back.
My wife gave birth 4 times and still fits in her prom dress from high school.
I gave birth 0 times and I don't fit in my pants from March.
Retirement is the time in your life when time is no longer money.
Life is like a box of chocolates; it ends sooner for fat people.
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back.
A couple years ago my therapist told me I had problems letting go of the past.
Are you a singularity? Not only are you attractive, but the closer I get to you, the faster time seems to slip by.
Sign at the Urologist's office: URINE good hands.
Told my wife I wanted our kids every other weekend and she reminded me that we're married and live together so I'd have to see them every day.
Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home.
99% of women say they don't like men who wear leather pants. Which works out perfectly, since 100% of men who wear leather pants don't like women.
To write with a broken pencil is pointless.
A friend is like a book: you don't need to read all of them, just pick the best ones.
Have hope for the future, but maybe build a bomb shelter anyway.
I've just written a song about tortillas - actually, it's more of a rap.
Oxygen is proven to be a toxic gas. Anyone who inhales oxygen will normally dies within 80 years.
A friend of mine tried to annoy me with bird puns, but I soon realized that toucan play at that game.
Turning vegan is a big missed steak.
Someone stole my toilet and the police have nothing to go on.
I hate when I'm running on the treadmill for half an hour and look down to see it's been 4 minutes.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
For maximum attention, nothing beats a good mistake.
One day, a little boy wrote to Santa Clause, "Please send me a sister." Santa Clause wrote him back, "Ok, send me your mother."

Nothing is fool proof to a sufficiently talented fool.
Before having a kid the most important thing to ask yourself is "Am I ready to watch the exact same cartoon on repeat for the next 4 years?"
I can totally keep secrets. It's the people I tell them to that can't.
What did the elephant say to the naked man? "How do you breathe through that tiny thing?"
I bought a dictionary and when I got home I realized all the pages were blank; I have no words for how angry I am.
Beauty is only skin deep ...but ugly goes all the way to the bone!
Is google a woman? Because it won't let you finish your sentence without coming up with other suggestions.
Just seen a sign that made me shit myself.. it said "toilet closed".
No one has ever complained of a parachute not opening. Think about it.
I dated a girl with a lazy eye once.
It turns out she was seeing someone else on the side.
I am not a vegetarian because I love animals. I am a vegetarian because I hate plants.
The only knowledge that can hurt you is the knowledge you don't have.
Going for a walk because I want to stay healthy. Taking along a box of M&M's because let's be honest here.
When I get naked in the bathroom, the shower usually gets turned on.
You're not fat, you're just... easier to see.
Yesterday I donated my watch, phone, and $500 to a poor guy. You can't imagine the happiness I felt as I saw him put his pistol back in his pocket.
If a guy remembers the color of your eyes after the first date, chances are... you have small boobs.
Introducing myself to new boyfriends parents: "Hi, I usually don't make it this far."
I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian.
God, I wish I was the person I believed I could be when I bought all this produce.
What is the main difference between men and boys? Men's toys cost more.
Ice hockey is basically just guys wearing knife shoes fighting each other with long sticks for the last Oreo.
Do not be racist; be like Mario. He's an Italian plumber, who was made by the Japanese, speaks English, looks like a Mexican, jumps like a black man, and grabs coins like a Jew!
What do you call black people going to prison? A family reunion.
Two fish are sitting in a tank. One looks over at the other and says: "Hey, do you know how to drive this thing?"
My wife says I can join your gang but I have to be home by 9.
There are three kinds of people: Those who can count and those who can't.
My doctor told me that jogging could add years to my life. He was right—I feel ten years older already.
I hate jokes about prom. The punch line is always too long.
Never ask a woman who is eating ice cream straight from the carton how she's doing.
I found a rock yesterday which measured 1760 yards in length. Must be some kind of milestone.
I would give my dad what he really wants on Father's Day, but I can't afford to move out yet.
My IQ came back negative.
The only reason the term 'Ladies first' was invented was for the guy to check out the woman's ass.
Doctor's office: All our records are electronic now just fill out these 12 forms.
Women sometimes make fools of men, but most guys are the do-it-yourself type.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe
You know that tingly little feeling you get when you like someone? That's your common sense leaving your body.
Did you hear about that guy who fell into the infinity pool? Yeah... it took him forever to get out.
If you're going through Hell, keep going.
If a short psychic broke out of jail, then you'd have a small medium at large.
My wife had her driver's test the other day. She got 8 out of 10. The other 2 guys jumped clear.
What did God say after creating man? I must be able to do better than that.
Sorry I'm late but I wanted to make sure I missed most of it.
The only time the world beats a path to your door...
It is when you're in the bathroom!
So apparently RSVP'ing back to a wedding invite 'maybe next time' isn't the correct response.
I am not catholic, don't cross me.
I'm pretending to be a hot girl on tinder so I can match with my roomate and tell him Im coming over so he'll clean the apartment.
How do Asians name their kids? They throw them down the stairs and see what kind of sounds they make
I broke a mirror the other day that's 7 years bad luck. My lawyer thinks he can get me 5.
"Excuse me miss, can I have the time? I'd check my watch but I can't take my eyes off you."

Funny how they say we need to talk when they really mean you need to listen.
A girl phoned me the other day and said, "Come on over, there's nobody home." I went over. Nobody was home.
I think this generation will have to go into separate rooms and text each other to work out their problems.
My first job was working in an orange juice factory, but I got canned: couldn't concentrate.
My sister bet me I couldn't make a car out of spaghetti. U should of saw her face as I drove pasta.
The 50-50-90 rule: Anytime you have a 50-50 chance of getting something right, there's a 90% probability you'll get it wrong.
My kids are at an age now where they are beginning to understand embarrassment. This is my time to shine.
If you see me smiling it's because I'm thinking of doing something evil or naughty. If you see me laughing it's because I've already done it.
I was masturbating today and my hand fell asleep - that's got to be the ultimate rejection.
What's the difference between your wife and your job? After five years your job will still suck.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
The consensus after the election is that 100% of Americans think 50% of Americans have lost their minds.
If I freeze, it's not a computer virus. I was just stunned by your beauty.
A termite walks into a bar and says, "Where is the bar tender?"
The deeper the pit you're falling into, the more chance you have to learn how to fly.
I hate when I am about to hug someone really sexy and my face hits the mirror.
Money isn't everything but it sure keeps you in touch with your children.
Why kill time when you can make it work for you?
Women should not have children after 35. Really ... 35 children are enough.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
There is a new trend in our office; everyone is putting names on their food. I saw it today, while I was eating a sandwich named Kevin.
Confucius say, man who runs behind car will get exhausted, but man who runs in front of car will get tired.
Don't be irreplaceable - if you cannot be replaced, you cannot be promoted.
What do you call a laughing motorcycle? A Yamahahaha.
How do you know if someone is hitchhiking or just complimenting your driving?
I'm always frank with my sexual partners. Don't want them knowing my real name.
I need more than 140 characters to tell you how beautiful you are.
My parents won't say which of their six kids they love the best, but they have told me I finished just out of the top five.
Isn't it weird how when a cop drives by you feel paranoid instead of protected.
If nothing was learned, nothing was taught.
A woman says to the dentist "I don't know which is worse having a tooth pulled or having a Baby."
The dentist says "Well make up your mind I gotta adjust the chair!"
When I found out that my toaster wasn't waterproof, I was shocked.
I don't engage in mental combat with the unarmed.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
A book just fell on my head. I've only got myshelf to blame.
Justice is a dish best served cold because if it were served warm, it would be justwater.
My math teacher called me average. How mean!
It's been raining for 3 days without stopping. My wife is in depression, she is standing and looking through the window. If the rain doesn't stop tomorrow, I'll have to let her in.
This morning some clown opened the door for me. I thought to myself that's a nice Jester.
What's the difference between baseball and politics? In baseball you're out if you're caught stealing.
Love's a lot like a bullet in that the exit usually causes the most damage.
Why don't aliens visit our planet? Terrible ratings. One star.
Sometimes the first step to forgiveness, is realising the other person was born an idiot.
Hospitality: making your guests feel like they're at home, even if you wish they were.
When a girl changes her clothes in front of you, she's either really interested or you're level 99 friend-zoned. Or she hasn't spotted you in the tree yet.
My wife says she is no longer buying junk food for the family because, "Everyone just eats it."
What happens if you eat yeast and shoe polish? Every morning you will rise and shine!
Please go play with your brother. That's basically the reason we had him.
Never marry a woman who was captain of the debate team.
How do I disable the autocorrect function on my wife?
A retired husband is often a wife's full-time job.
Dr.'s are saying not to worry about the bird flu because it's tweetable.
What do you call a bunch of black people in an elevator? A box of chocolate.
Why men's voice is louder than women? Men have an antenna.
You must be an angel, because your texture mapping is so divine!
I love the F5 key. It´s just so refreshing.
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.
What do you call all black abortion clinic? Crime Stoppers.
I asked my wife why she never blinked during foreplay. She said she didn't have time.
My girlfriend came out of the shower and said "I shaved my pussy, you know what that means? I said "yeah, the drain is clogged again. "
I am on a seafood diet. Every time I see food, I eat it.
Escalators don't break down... they just turn into stairs.
Love is telling someone to go to hell and worrying about them getting there safely.
Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door? He wanted to win the No-bell prize!
A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well.
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
My grandfather tried to warn them about the Titanic. He screamed and shouted about the iceberg and how the ship was going to sink, but all they did was throw him out of the theater.
Did you hear about the man who jumped off a bridge in France? He was in Sein.
Is your name Wi-Fi? Because I'm feeling a connection.
"Hi, I'm writing a phone book, can I have your number?"
Some of us learn from the mistakes of others; the rest of us have to be the others.
Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're so-da-licious
Life is sexually transmitted.
For Halloween we dressed up as almonds. Everyone could tell we were nuts.
Police have arrested the World tongue-twister Champion. I imagine he'll be given a tough sentence.
Middle age is when work is a lot less fun and fun a lot more work.
Another World's Oldest Man has died. This is beginning to look suspicious.
What was Forrest Gump's email password? "1forrest1"
 Did you hear about the guy who died of a Viagra overdose? They couldn't close his casket.
I relish the fact that you've mustard the strength to ketchup to me.
A tree house is the biggest insult to a tree. "Here, I killed your friend. Hold him."
Want to dance? Or should I go to hell again?
Why couldn't the leopard play hide and seek? Because he was always spotted.
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
The therapist asked my wife why she wanted to end our marriage. She said she hated all the constant Star Wars puns. I look at the therapist and said, "Divorce is strong with this one!"
Told my girlfriend that my mom is deaf, so speak loud and slow. Told my mom that my girlfriend is retarded...
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay they'd be bagels!
My favorite mythical creature? The honest politician.
Women marry because they believe that he will change one day. Men marry because they believe she'll never change. Both are mistaken.
Somewhere an elderly lady reads a book on how to use the internet, while a young boy googles "how to read a book".
Stop repeat offenders. Don't re-elect them!
Sometimes the best helping hand you can give is a good, firm push.
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
The worst part about working for the department of unemployment is when you get fired you still have to show up the next day.
My doctor advised me to kill people. Not in such words of course, he just said that I must diminish the amount of stress in my life.
Better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot. 
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
I worked in the woods as a lumberjack, but I just couldn't hack it, so they gave me the ax.
If pronouncing my b's as v's makes me sound Russian, then soviet.
If you can smile when things go wrong, you have someone in mind to blame.
How do you know your old? People call at 9 p.m. and ask, "Did I wake you?"
I don't understand why people get attacked by sharks. Can they not hear the music?
Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married. The ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent.
With great reflexes comes great response ability.
My son was like "I got a D in my maths" and I was like "That's really bad" and my wife was like "you need to stop doing his homework."
Do you love me because I am beautiful or I am I beautiful because you love me?
I think sex is better than logic, but I can't prove it.
Heard about the drug addict fisherman who accidentally caught a duck? Now he's hooked on the quack.
What do you have to do to have a party in space? You have to Planet.
I own a pencil that used to be owned by William Shakespeare, but he chewed it a lot. Now I can't tell if it's 2B or not 2B.
Sorry I just saw your text from last night, are you guys still at the restaurant.
My mind's made up, don't confuse me with facts.
I used to be a banker, but then I lost interest.
A teacher asks a student, "Are you ignorant or just apathetic?" The kid answers, "I don't know and I don't care."
Subway is definitely the healthiest fast food available because they make you get out of the car.
CAPS LOCK – Preventing Login Since 1980.
Are you a keyboard? Because you're my type!
Men approve of premarital sex until daughters are born.
What do you call a dictionary on drugs? HIGH-Definition.
How many more times are my kids going to ask me if I know where something is before they realize they're asking the wrong parent?
People who write "u" instead of "you". What do you do with all the time you save?
My boss says I intimidate the other employees, so I just stared at him until he apologized.
I'm the kind of guy who stops the microwave at 1 second just to feel like a bomb defuser.
A woman's mind is cleaner than a man's: She changes it more often.
The grass may be greener on the other side but at least you don't have to mow it.
I forgot my coffee this morning so I'm gonna drive on the rumble strips along the side of the road all the way to work just to be safe.
I don't think I'll be able to get my Mom what she really wants on Mother's Day – a doctor for a son-in-law.
Roses are red
Violets are blue
Love never crossed my mind 
Until I came across you.
I just got fired from my job as a taxi driver.
Turns out people don't like it when you go the extra mile for them.
Do people who bring bikes on the subway realize what bikes do?
Take my advice — I'm not using it.
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? You must be because you are BeAuTi-ful.
A man walks into the doctors and the doctor says, "I've not seen you for a while." 
The man replies, "Yes, I've been ill."
You can't get on the same page with someone who has a different book.
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you.
My girlfriend isn't talking to me. She said I ruined her birthday. I'm not sure how. I didn't even know it was her birthday.
A dog has an owner. A cat has a staff.
Outvoted 1-1 by my wife again.
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it, misdiagnosing it and then misapplying the wrong remedies.
Eat right. Stay fit. Die anyway.
Twitter is great if you can't afford therapy but you also don't want to get any better.
Where can you buy chicken broth in bulk? The stock market.
Got my girlfriend a "get better soon" card. She's not sick, I just think she could get better.
I sometimes watch birds and wonder "If I could fly who would I shit on?"
You sound reasonable. It must be time to up my medication!
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course. The Empire State Building can't jump.
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since.
If number 666 is evil, then 25.8069758011 is the root of all evil.
Love is not the number of times you kissed her, but the number of moments you were dying to kiss her.
Can't see an end. I have no control and I don't think there's an escape. I don't even have a home anymore. Think it's time for a new keyboard.
What's a Mexican's favorite sport? Cross country.
Sleep is my drug….my bed is my dealer and my alarm clock is the police.
I was such an ugly kid. When I played in the sandbox the cat kept covering me up.
What's the definition of a surprise? A fart with a lump in it.
If a man talks dirty to a woman, that's sexual harassment. If a woman talks dirty to a man, that'll be $6.50 a minute.
Few women admit their age; few men act it.
I wanna hang a map of the world in my house. Then I'm gonna put pins into all the locations that I've traveled to. But first, I'm gonna have to travel to the top two corners of the map so it won't fall down.
My wife made me a green hamburger today to celebrate St Patricks Day. I asked her how she colored it and she said she didn't know what I was talking about.
Did you hear about these new reversible jackets? I'm excited to see how they turn out.
I told my niece that I saw a moose on the way to work this morning. She said, "How do you know he was on his way to work?"
Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home.
I've been taking Viagra for my sunburn. It doesn't cure it but it keeps the sheets off my legs at night.
Ham and Eggs: A day's work for a chicken, a lifetime commitment for a pig.
Why are police cars black and white? To match the passengers, white up front blacks in the back.
I'm jealous of all the people that haven't met you!
I hate Russian dolls, they're so full of themselves.
I'm reading a horror story in Braille. Something bad is about to happen... I can feel it.
Don't put a question mark where God put a period. 
A straight face and a sincere-sounding "Huh?" have gotten me out of more trouble than I can remember.
Got an e-mail today from a "bored housewife 33, looking for some action!"  I've sent her my ironing, that'll keep her busy.
Recently, I've tried to make a car without wheels.
I've been working on it tirelessly.
If you had friends like mine, you'd be the luckiest guy in the world!
The reason grandchildren and grandparents get along so well is because they have a common "enemy".
I hate peer pressure and you should too.
I wanna make a joke about sodium, but Na..
Owls always look like they just saw a penis for the first time.
He slapped his two inches on the doctors desk. The doctor said "What is wrong with it?" "It's swollen."
My wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo. I had to put my foot down.
Did you know that if you hold your ear up to a strangers leg you can actually hear them say "what the fuck are you doing?
I saw six men kicking and punching the mother-in-law. My neighbour said ‘Are you going to help?' I said ‘No, six should be enough.'
Q:What is the population of Antarctica A: All white.
I threw an Asian man down a flight of stairs. It was Wong on so many levels.
There's only one problem with your face, I can see it.
Are you the square root of -1? Because you can't be real.
You are proof that evolution CAN go in reverse.
I was born to be a pessimist. My blood type is B Negative.
I told my girlfriend to text me when she got home... she must be homeless.
My girlfriend and I often laugh about how competitive we are. But I laugh more.
I'm currently boycotting any company that sells items I can't afford.
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer.
Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet.
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station..
Do you realize that in about 40 years, we'll have thousands of old ladies running around with tattoos?
Wise people think all they say, fools say all they think.
If you glue a dead wasp to your palm, you can smack your boss on the back of the head as hard as you want and act like you saved him.
I finally realized my parents favored my twin brother. It hit me when they asked me to blow up balloons for his surprise birthday party.
College is the opposite of kidnapping. They demand $100,000 from you or they'll send your kid back.
When I was young, I always felt like a male trapped in a females body. Then I was born
My kids are very optimistic.  Every glass they leave sitting around the house is at least half full.
The reward for a job well done is more work.
What did one eye say to the other eye? Between you and me something smells.
My wife's not too smart. I told her, our kids were spoiled. She said, "All kids smell that way."
What do electric trains and women's breasts have in common? They were originally intended for children but it's the men who play with them the most.
What language are you speaking? Cause it sounds like bullshit.
I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
My dad sent me to a psychiatrist for wearing his bra again.
Republicans & Democrats are like divorced parents who care more about getting the kids to hate the other one than they are their well-being.
Hey, you have something on your chin... no, the 3rd one down.
Cleaning mirrors is a job I could really see myself doing.
Last time I got caught stealing a calendar I got 12 months.
Doesn't expecting the unexpected make the unexpected become the expected?
If you can't remember my name, just say 'donuts'. I'll turn around and look.
It's not peer pressure, it's just your turn.
Don't you love nature, despite what it did to you?
Baby, if you were a fruit you'd be a fineapple.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
What's worse than raining cats and dogs? Hailing Taxi.
I'm anti-work but pro-paycheck so you see my dilemma.
Two men walked into a bar. The third one ducked.
Patient: "Doctor, I get heartburn every time I eat birthday cake." Doctor: "Next time, take off the candles."
Never get on one knee for a girl who won't get on two for you.
It must be difficult to post inspirational Tweets when your blood type is B Negative.
Babe, your cuter than a puppy at an animal shelter, Cuz i want to take you home!
When someone asks me if I'm seeing anyone, I automatically assume they're talking about a psychiatrist.
A wise man once said... Nothing, he only listened.
Don't be sad when a bird craps on your head. Be happy that dogs can't fly.
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
I find a duck's opinion of me is very much influenced by whether or not I have bread.
My New Year's resolution is to help all my friends gain ten pounds so I look skinnier.
If you were a triangle youd be acute one.
Dating a single mother is like continuing from somebody else's saved game.
I'll be Burger King and you be McDonald's. I'll have it my way, and you'll be lovin' it.
I would like to thank everybody that stuck by my side for those five long minutes my house didn't have internet.
My speech today will be like a mini-skirt. Long enough to cover the essentials but short enough to hold your attention!
Why couldn't the bike stand up on it's own? It was two tired.
Does time fly when you're having sex or was it really just one minute?
My aunt's star sign was cancer, pretty ironic how she died. She was eaten by a giant crab.
Doc says, "Joe, I got some bad news for you. You've got six months to live."
Joe says, "Six months? Doc, I can't pay your bill in six months, I can't do it!"
Doc says, "OK, I give you a year..."
Just asked my wife what she's "burning up for dinner" and it turned out to be all of my personal belongings.
You're so beautiful that last night you made me forget my pickup line.
I like birthdays, but I think too many can kill you.
Google is definitely a woman, it starts suggesting things before you can even finish your sentence.
Always identify who to blame in an emergency.
What do you call people who are afraid of Santa Claus? Claustrophobic
What's a nice ghoul like you doing in a crypt like this?
The human brain is one of the most complex objects in the universe. Is it any wonder that so many people never learn to use it.
Behind every successful student, there is a deactivated Facebook account.
They say St. Patrick drove the snakes out of Ireland. I wonder if he could do that for Congress.
Yesterday, I fell down from a 10 meter ladder. Thank God I was on the third step.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put "U" and "I" together.
Don't worry guys, my wife just turned the car radio down so we shouldn't be lost much longer.
My psychiatrist said I was pre-occupied with the vengeance I told him "oh yeah we'll see about that!"
The difference between "Girlfriend" and "Girl Friend" is that little space in between we call the "Friend Zone".
The downside of dating intelligent women is having to Google the names they call you when it ends badly.
Girl, if you were a dinosaur, you'd be a Gorgeousaurus
Seek knowledge from cradle to the grave.
What is the difference between "ooooooh"and "aaaaaaah"? About three inches. 
When Miley Cyrus gets naked & licks a hammer it's "art" & "music". But when I do it, I'm "drunk" and "have to leave the hardware store".
Having sex in an elevator is wrong on so many levels.
Doing things that you are not supposed to do at work makes your vision, hearing and alertness much better.
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father in law.
I bought a box of condoms earlier today. The cashier asked if I'd like a bag. I said "nah, I'll just turn the lights off."
3 people having sex is a threesome, 2 is a twosome. So next time someone calls you 'HANDSOME', don't take it as a compliment!
What's a mixed feeling? When you see your mother-in-law backing off a cliff in your new car. 
Why can't women read maps? Only the male mind can comprehend the concept of one inch equaling a mile.
Did you hear about the Italian chef with a terminal illness? He pastaway.
Porn is so unrealistic, my stepdad hated me.
If you believe that the quickest way to a man's heart is the stomach, you know that you are aiming a little too high.
The first time I got a universal remote control, I thought to myself "This changes everything".
A woman never wakes up her second baby just to see it smile.
Do German cats have multiple lives? Nein.
Retirement is wonderful. It's doing nothing without worrying about getting caught at it.
If I ever need a heart transplant, I'd want my ex's. It's never been used.
Where do they get the seeds to plant seedless watermelons?
The best time to start thinking about your retirement is before the boss does.
As a wizard, I enjoy turning objects into a glass. Just wanted to make that clear.
Forget hydrogen, you're my number one element.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
We come to love not by finding a perfect person... but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
3 men are stranded in a boat with 4 cigarettes and no way to light them. So they toss the 4th cigarette overboard, which makes the whole boat a cigarette lighter.
I walked past a homeless guy with a sign that read, "One day, this could be you." I put my money back in my pocket, just in case he's right.
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.
People who say they've lost their voice are lying.
How is Columbia not a superpower yet? They produce cocaine and coffee.
I have an inferiority complex but it's not a very good one.
Top 3 situations that require witnesses:

1) Crimes
2) Accidents 
3) Marriages

Need I say more?
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Alzheimer's can't be that bad. You get to meet new people everyday.
I used to be in a band, we were called 'lost dog'. You probably saw our posters.
In 20 years, I bet there's going to be a college course called eye contact.
Children seldom misquote you. In fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
I saw a guy on his motorcycle and the back of his shirt said "If you can read this the b*tch fell off."
Never tell your problems to anyone...20% don't care and the other 80% are glad you have them...
Whenever i have a headache,i take two asprins and keep away the children,like the bottle says
I had my credit card stolen the other day but I didn't bother to report it because the thief spends less than my wife.
Why is it everything I love is either unhealthy, addicting or has multiple restraining orders against me?
If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made with meat?
Dont stop! I dont usually get to see beauty in motion
Do you believe in love at first sight or do i pass by you again.
Living on earth may be expensive, but it includes an annual free trip around the sun.
Me: *sneaks out of the house* *drives to another state* *hides in a cave* *quietly opens a bag of chips* My kids: Can we have some?
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
Get a new car for your spouse - it'll be a great trade!
My doctors office has two doctors on call at all times. Is that considered a pair a docs.
When The Hulk goes off into a vicious rage and destroys everything, he's "Incredible." But when I do it, I'm "an alcoholic."
Wifi went down during family dinner tonight. One kid started talking and I didn't know who he was.
Becoming a father is easy enough, but being one can be very rough.
How did Jesus' crucifixion save us? It's 'cause he nailed it!
What's the most dangerous part of a motorcycle? The nut that connects the seat to the handlebar.
If you can go to the gym without telling people on the Internet, you are instantly hired by the CIA.
People don't get my puns. They think they're funny.
How do trees access the internet? They log in.
Transitional age is when during a hot day you don't know what you want – ice cream or beer.
I think it's wrong that only one company makes the game Monopoly.
My five-year-old: "I don't want to be your daughter anymore. I QUIT!" No two-week notice or anything. She'd better not expect a reference.
If your wife wants to learn to drive, don't stand in her way.
Someone donates one kidney and is hailed as a hero. I donate five, and get arrested?
I always tell new hires, don't think of me as your boss, think of me as your friend who can fire you.
Two ADV riders camping out in a tent. One of them crawls out to pee before bed. Comes back all wet. The other rider asks if it's rainy outside. "No - it's windy!"
Dream carefully, because dreams come true.
Why don't black people go on cruises... because they aren't falling for that again.
I hate insects puns, they really bug me.
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
If what you don't know can't hurt you, you're invulnerable.
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm.
The depressing thing about tennis is that no matter how good I get, I'll never be as good as a wall.
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.
Clinging on to past and living is like driving forward while watching the rear view mirror...
Did you hear about the depressed plumber? He's been going through some shit.
By the time a man realises that his father was right, he has a son who thinks he's wrong.
The light at the end of the tunnel has been turned off due to budget cuts.
Took my dog to a bonfire and as he sat there staring at it blankly I realized he loves sticks. I was burning a giant pile of his toys.
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
How can you spot the blind guy at the nudist colony? It's not hard.
I've reached the age where looking in the mirror is like checking the news. I know there'll be some new developments I won't like.
If i had a dollar for every girl that found me unattractive, they would eventually find me attractive.
I know I know, smoking's bad for me and all. But, my mama told me never to be a quitter.
You have the nicest syntax I've ever seen.
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
Grandma's been staring through the window ever since it started to snow. If it gets any worse I'll have to let her in.
I don't think it's possible for me to become a sniper. Not by a long shot.
Time is what keeps things from happening all at once. 
Why can't two Asian's have a white baby? Because two Wong's don't make a white!
My girlfriend tried to make me have sex on the hood of her Honda Civic. I refused. If I'm going to have sex, it's going to be on my own Accord.
I'm changing my name to 'Benefits' on Facebook. Next time someone adds me, It will say "you are now friends with Benefits."
My ex wrote to me: Can you delete my number? I responded: Who is this?
I'm glad to see you're not letting your education get in the way of your ignorance.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
Why did the bee get married? Because he found his honey.
Give me ambiguity or give me something else.
What is the difference between men and women? A woman wants one man to satisfy her every need...A man wants every woman to satisfy his one need.
My wife and I always compromise. I admit I'm wrong and she agrees with me.
You'll never have a successful relationship with a woman if you can't tell the difference between a smile and a warning.
How did they invent break dancing? Trying to steal the hubcaps off a moving car.
I don't suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it.
Today, my son asked "Can I have a book mark?" and I burst into tears. 11 years old and he still doesn't know my name is Brian.
Nothing ruins a Friday more than an understanding that today is Tuesday.
I love what you've done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
What's the difference between black people and snow tires? Snow tires don't sing when you put chains on them.
"I'm sorry" and "I apologize" mean the same thing... except when you're at a funeral.
How many of you believe in telekinesis? Raise MY hand!
Last Father's Day my son gave me something I always wanted: the keys to my car.
Why did God make man before woman? You need a rough draft before you have a final copy.
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.
Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time.
Not hiring someone because they have tattoos completely ignores the fact that they clearly have no issues with pain or commitment.
Those who can, do. Those who can't, teach. Those who can't teach become Secretary of Education.
You give me Epsilon, I give you Delta. Together, we find limits.
Failure is not an option—it comes bundled with the software.
Why don't the enemies of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles just flip them on their backs?
I'm not sure if I lost my camo pants or if they're just doing a really good job.
I called a suicide hotline in Afghanistan. They got all excited and asked if I could drive a truck.
Edit: Wow, can't believe this blew up.
I saw my dad chopping up onions today and I cried. Onions was a good dog.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
Teacher: "Which book has helped you the most in your life?" 
Student: "My father's check book!"
It's ok computer, I go to sleep after 20 minutes of inactivity too.
Don't let a man put anything over on you except an umbrella.
My internet is so slow, it's just faster to drive to the Google headquarters and ask them shit in person.
Being a hypochondriac is going to save my life one of these days
Never test the depth of the water with both feet.
Anger; the feeling that makes your mouth work faster than your mind.
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
Aha, I see the Fuck-Up Fairy has visited us again! 
A study of economics usually reveals that the best time to buy anything was last year.
First woman: My son came to visit for summer vacation. 
Second woman: How nice! Did you meet him at the airport? 
First woman: Oh, no. I've known him for years!
How did the telephone propose to his girlfriend? He gave her a ring.
I got in a fight one time with a really big guy, and he said, "I'm going to mop the floor with your face." I said, "You'll be sorry." He said, "Oh, yeah? Why?" I said, "Well, you won't be able to get into the corners very well."
You're sweeter than 3.14
Every time someone calls me fat I get so depress I cut myself... a piece of cake.
My girlfriend's such a bad cook, she uses the smoke alarm as a timer.
I recently got a new Korean mechanic but it's hard to understand him - he speaks with a Hyundai Accent!
I was going to give him a nasty look, but he already had one.
I don't think you are stupid. You just have a bad luck when thinking.
It's always a good idea to make friends with babies. That's free cake once a year for a lifetime.
What makes men chase women they have no intention of marrying? The same urge that makes dogs chase cars they have no intention of driving.
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar. You can't tell me that's just a coincidence!
I'm black in complexion, not dark in color.
Her: "Do you like cats?"
Me flipping menu: "What page are you on?"
Maybe adults aren't afraid of monsters under the bed anymore because we know that if we get eaten by one we won't have to go to work the next day.
Definition of Boss: Someone who is early when you are late and late when you are early.
There are two rules for success: 1) Don't tell all you know.
I think you press "0" to be connected with customer service because that's the amount of help they give you.
Did you hear about the monkeys who shared an Amazon account? They were prime mates.
Accidentally pooped my pants in the elevator. I'm taking this shit to a whole new level.
A TV can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a computer.
My superpower is making people laugh. Which would be great if I was trying to be funny.
Never break someone's heart because they have only one inside...break their bones because they have 206 of them.
Therapist: Fuck anyone who doesn't like you. Me: Wow, that's a lot of sex
Roses are red, Violets are blue. I've got five fingers, The middle one is for you.
I sleep better naked…why can't the flight attendant understand this?
How do people lose their kids at the mall? Seriously, any tips would be greatly appreciated.
Sometimes, when I am matching socks, I think, "What if these two socks don't even like each other?"
We can always tell when you are lying. Your lips move.
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
I would ask you how old you are but I know you can't count that high.
I think men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage. They've experienced pain and bought jewelry.
I am a nobody, nobody is perfect, therefore I am perfect.
A man to a woman," Did you see my watch? I was so busy that I didn't have time to find it."
The trouble with learning from experience is that you never graduate.
Q: What do you call a cow with a twitch? A: "Beef Jerky!"
A hole was found in the wall of a nudist camp. The police are looking into it.
If your going to be two faced at least make one of them pretty.
Parenting is filled with wonder. Like wondering why your 4 years old raced into the kitchen and quietly grabbed a handful of napkins.
Sometimes waking up means the best part of your day is over!
Hi, can I follow you home tonight? Sorry, that came out a little strong, my mom always told me to follow my dreams.
We are born naked, wet and hungry. Then things get worse.
They say you are what you eat, so lay off the nuts.
That awkward moment when you're in a meeting and your stomach decides to sound like a dying whale.
I like you. You remind me of when I was young and stupid. 
Wouldn't exercise be more fun if calories screamed while you burned them?
There's nothing like the joy on a kid's face when he first sees the PlayStation box containing the socks I got him for Christmas.
I am so poor I can't even pay attention.
There is only 4 inches distance between 2 holes.
Always select the right one.
Remember, children. The best way to get a puppy for Christmas is to beg for a baby brother.
Every time you talk to your wife, your mind should remember that... 'This conversation will be recorded for Training and Quality purpose'
I got caught in police speed trap yesterday. The officer walked up to my car and said "I've been waiting all day for you " Well I said. I got here as fast as I could.
How come "you're a peach" is a complement but "you're bananas" is an insult? Why are we allowing fruit discrimination to tear society apart?
Congratulations, If you press the elevator button three times it goes into hurry mode – really...
Middle age is when you're faced with two temptations and you choose the one that will get you home by nine o'clock.
How do you know an Asians just robbed your house? Your homework is done and he's still trying to get out with your car.
I've decided to sell my Hoover... well, it was just collecting dust.
I used to wonder why Frisbees looked bigger the closer it came... Then it hit me!
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
Why didn't the man report his stolen credit card? The thief was spending less then his wife.
You're not old until a teenager describes you as middle-aged.
I haven't spoken to my wife for 18 months- I don't like to interrupt her.
My IQ test results just came in and I'm really relieved. Thank God it's negative.
You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.
Accidentally called 911. Set my house on fire to not look stupid.
Masturbation is like procrastination, it's all good and fun until you realize you are only fucking yourself!
Isn't it scary that doctors call what they do "practice"?
I start every conversation with my employees by saying, "I shouldn't be telling you this" just so I know they will listen.
Finally got around to watching Back To The Future... It's about time.
You're so beautiful you made me forget my pick up line.
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
What do you call an academically successful slice of bread? An honor roll.
Early to bed, early to rise makes people suspicious.
I told my mom I'm happy and she said: "I didn't know you were gay."
If you enjoy arguing about lunches at 6 AM I can't recommend parenting highly enough.
I don't think you act stupid, I'm sure it's the real thing.
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
Refusing to go to the gym counts as resistance training, right?
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
You look like a before picture.
What do you call Watson when Sherlock isn't around? Holmeless.
I was going to share a vegetable joke but it's corny.
What do you call a cow during an earthquake? A milkshake.
Remember, everyone seems normal until you get to know them...
Are you a sheep cause your body is unbaaaaalievable
The lesson of Halloween is that pretending to be something you're not will lead to a sweet reward.
Archeologist: someone whose carreer lies in ruins.
Never tell a woman that her place is in the kitchen. That's where the knives are kept.
Don't steal. That's the government's job.
Teacher: "Are you sleeping in my class?"
Student: "Well now I´m not but if you could be a little quieter I could."
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
My love is like communism; everyone gets a share, and it's only good in theory.
What is the best Christmas present ever? A broken drum - you can't beat it!
Why call someone when you can just decide where you and your friend want to meet by exchanging 76 text messages?
Why does it feel like time slows down during the day when you're at work and rapidly speeds up at night when you get home?
I just found an origami porn channel, but it is paper view only.
How is a woman like a condom? Both spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.
Death is not the worst which can happen to men: Plato (After getting friend zoned)
My computer's got Miley Virus. It has stopped twerking.
What's a man's idea of foreplay? A half hour of begging.
Education is important but other stuff is more importanter.
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.
You sound a lot like the Terms and Conditions, that's why I don't give a shit about what you have to say.
Currently the flower business is blooming.
Did you hear about the 2 silk worms in a race? It ended in a tie!
What do sea monsters eat for lunch? Fish and ships.
My calling in life went straight to voicemail.
If tomatoes are technically a fruit, is ketchup technically a smoothie?
Any room is a panic room if you've lost your phone in it.
You are living proof that manure can sprout legs and walk.
If you don't like the news, go out and make some.
The nurse at the sperm bank asked me if I'd like to masturbate in the cup. I said, "Well, I'm pretty good, but I don't think I'm ready to compete just yet."
Q: Did you hear about the man with a broken left arm and broken left leg?
A: Don't worry he's "ALRIGHT" now!
What's your best non swearing insult? I hope you step on a lego.
Everything happens for a reason; unfortunately, sometimes the reason is you.
Baby, you make my floppy disk turn into a hard drive
How can you be so sad when you are so beautiful?
When I get a dog I'm going to name him five miles so I can say I walk five miles every day.
How do you know when Santa's in the room? You can sense his presents.
My wife was furious at me for kicking dropped ice cubes under the refrigerator. But now it's just water under the fridge.
What type of hotel do black people tend to stay in the most during the holiday months? The local police station.
What do you call an elevater filled with white people? A box of crackers.
Q: What did one ocean say to the other ocean? 
A: Nothing, they just waved.
If procrastionation was an Olympic sport, I'd compete in it later.
Do I know you? Cause you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
I've been repeating the same mistakes in life for so long now, I think I'll start calling them traditions.
Did you know that your body is made 70% of water? And now I'm thirsty.
Playing with a toddler is half play and half self-defense.
You're like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
If shit was music, you'd be an orchestra.
I think I'll tell my kids that the Titanic sunk because Jack and Rose had sex before marriage.
It is much easier to apologize than to ask permission. 
Everyone has a photographic memory, some don't have film.
Shouldn't you be on top of the tree, Angel?
We must be subatomic particles, because I feel strong force between us.
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.
I'd like to see things from your point of view, but I can't seem to get my head that far up your ass.
You know your children are growing up when they stop asking you where they came from and refuse to tell you where they're going.
Three words to ruin a man's ego...? "Is it in?"

"Doctor, I'm addicted to 'The Family Feud' game show. What's wrong with me?
Doctor: "Well, the survey says..."
Misspell one word and the whole text is urined.
They tell you that you'll lose your mind when you grow older. What they don't tell you is that you won't miss it very much.
The elevator to success is out of order. You'll have to use the stairs... one step at a time.
Karma takes too long, I'd rather beat the shit out of you just now.
I'm tired of people assuming I've got a good personality because I'm ugly.
Sometimes I wish life had subtitles.
Everything becomes 100 times louder when you're trying not to wake someone up.
Ok, what's the latest possible date that I can still make something of my life?
If a man speaks in the forest and there is no woman there to hear it... is he still wrong?
I'm at the age where I have to make a noise when I bend over. It's the law.
My buddy set me up on a blind date & said, "Heads up, she's expecting a baby." Felt like an idiot sitting in the bar wearing just a diaper.
Unexpected sex is a great way to be woken up... If you're not in prison.
If Bill Gates had a penny for every time I had to reboot my computer ...oh wait, he does.
Why are women like KFC? After you've finished with the thigh and breasts, all you have left is a greasy box to put your bone in.
You do realize makeup isn't going to fix your stupidity?
Weddings and funerals are the same because I love going but I don't want them to be about me.
Aww, it's so cute when you try to talk about things you don't understand.
A black guy and a Mexican guy opened a restaurant. It's called Nacho Mama.
I feel so tired every time I meet you... Why? Because whenever I look into your eyes I can't find the way out.
Silence doesn't mean your sexual performance left her speechless.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list.
No woman ever falls in love with a man unless she has a better opinion of him than he deserves.
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it.
What is the name of an Asian pilot who died in a plane crash? Sum Ting Wong.
 Why do Retirees smile all the time? Because they can't hear a word you're saying!

Latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the world's population.
Mom! I'm a 3d printer! Oh come on, Johnny, close the door when you poop.
Books are just TV for smart people.
I always wanted to marry an Archeologist. The older I would get, the more interested she would become!
The best time to open a gift is the present.
My first child has gone off to college and I feel a great emptiness in my life. Specifically, in my checking account.
Wife: "Honey? What do you think about my teeth?"
Husband: "They remind me of stars... yellow and far apart."
I bet you I could stop gambling.
What do snowmen eat for breakfast? Frosted Flakes!
Comedy is tragedy plus time.
Sometimes I wake up grumpy; other times I let her sleep.
Did you hear about the math teacher who's afraid of negative numbers? He will stop at nothing to avoid them.
Why doesn't the bike stand by itself? Because it's two tired.
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste.
I remember being in so much debt that I couldn't afford my electricity bills, it was a dark time.
Taking my husband's last name doesn't mean I'm not a feminist it means I don't want anyone I went to high school with to be able to find me ever again.
I'm trying to date a philosophy professor, but she doesn't even know if I exist or not.
I'm not a doctor but I know adding cheese to anything makes it an antidepressant.
"Are you ready to rock?" 
Scissors: "No."
Boss: "You're fired."
Me slam fist on the couch: "You woke me up for this?"
Taxes are the price we pay for a civilization. In light of recent results, I want my money back.
I just had a near-sex experience... My wife flashed before my eyes.
I lost my job as a stage designer,
I wasn't very happy but left without making a scene.
Why did the cross-eyed teacher lose her job? Because she couldn't control her pupils.
My boyfriend said he didn't have a date that same day I caught him eating one.
I found there was only one way to look thin: hang out with fat people.
The last airline I flew charged for everything. Except for the bad service. That was free.
Every so often, I like to go to the window, look up, and smile for a satellite picture.
Never underestimate a woman's ability to make anything your fault.
For Sale: Parachute. Only used once, never opened.
I'd kill for a Nobel Peace Prize.
I don't have a beer gut, I have a protective covering for my rock hard abs.
I'm hosting a charity event for people who struggle to reach orgasm. If you can't come, let me know.
I always adjust the seat and mirrors when I drive my husband's car so he doesn't forget he's married.
Teacher: "I asked you to draw a cow and grass, but I only see a cow. Where is grass?" 
Student: "The cow ate the grass, sir."
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
For every action, there is a corresponding over-reaction.
Girls are like roads, more the curves, more the dangerous they are.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all stupid people.
How do you make your wife scream during sex? Call her and tell her about it.
I may love to shop but I'm not buying your bullshit.
It is very easy to become a superman, you just have to change the sequence of clothes while wearing.
You are so ugly when you looked in the mirror your reflection walked away.
How long have I been working for this company? Ever since they threatened to fire me.
Fishermen are reel men.
Having nutrition information on a bag of Cheetos is like having dating tips on a box of Crocs.
Oh, what? Sorry. I was trying to imagine you with a personality. 
90% of women don't like men in pink shirts. Ironically, 90% of men in pink shirts don't like women.
No matter how much you push the envelope, it'll still be stationery.
There are 12 things, people do when they haven't prepared a speech. They lie, tell stories and exaggerate.
What do a grenade and a woman have in common? You remove the ring and your whole house is gone.
The hardness of butter is directly proportional to the softness of the bread.
By the time you learn the rules of life, you're too old to play the game.
What do you get when you cross a snoman and a vampire? Frost bite.
Waking up this morning was an eye-opening experience.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
Going to attempt a Mexican joke. Hope it's a good Juan!
What is a baptized Mexican called? Bean dip.
The best things in life are free *plus shipping and handling*
Hell is wallpapered with all your deleted selfies.
What should you do if your girlfriend starts smoking? Slow down and use a lubricant.
I overdosed on Viagra once. The hardest day of my life.
What is the longest website domain name? smiles.com because there is a "mile" between the s's!
Stupidity comes in all shapes and sizes. Some of them even look like people.
There may be no excuse for laziness, but I'm still looking.
I quit my job at the helium gas factory, I refuse to be talked to in that tone of voice!
If you want breakfast in bed, sleep in the kitchen.
You are so old, when you were a kid rainbows were black and white.
I like to finish other people's sentences because... my version is better.
As I handed my Dad his 50th birthday card, he looked at me, with tears in his eyes and said, "You know, one would have been enough."
I bet you $4,567.89 you can't guess how much I owe my bookie.
There is no dance without the dancers.
If anything is possible, is it possible for something to be impossible?
If I wanted to hear from an asshole, I'd fart.
Whenever my wife packs me a salad for lunch all I wanna know is what I did wrong.
Your smile must be a black hole, nothing can escape its pull.
I want to be something really scary for Halloween this year so I'm dressing up as a phone battery at 2%.
Haikus are easy. But sometimes they don't make sense. Refrigerator.
Why do they lock gas station bathrooms? Are they afraid someone will clean them?
You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
My wife complained that the vacuum sucks too hard on the rugs and I made a joke... anyway, I'm sleeping on the couch tonight.
Ordinarily people live and learn. You just live.
Any married man should forget his mistakes, there's no use in two people remembering the same thing.
Anyone who wanted to sell fish had to get permission from grandpa. He was known as the cod father.
I got a part in a movie called "Cocaine". I only have one line.
You know when you're getting older by remembering the past embarrassment of not zipping up your fly but now hoping you remember when to unzip.
I'm taking part in a stair climbing competition. Guess I better step up my game.
Cashier: "How would you like to pay for this."
Me: "Not at all."
Weddings are an expensive way to let your entire family know you are fucking that night.
I just read an article about the dangers of drinking that scared the crap out of me. That's it. No more reading!
How to lose an argument with a woman: 1) Argue.
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific.
Up until I bought this bag of chips I thought the air was free.
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it.
Coffee, Chocolate, Men. Some things are just better rich.
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
Social life? You mean my phone?
Well son, in the '90s, there was no drooling emoji. You had to show up at a girl's door and actually drool.
It takes patience to listen.. it takes skill to pretend you're listening.
My obese parrot died. It was a real weight off of my shoulder.
Wolverine is a man of many talons, isn't he?
Why do Norwegians build their own tables? No Ikea!
My breathalyzer results came back and I'm 100% cutting my own hair later.
Every function without you will always be void of love.
Sometimes, when I close my eyes, I can't see.
I ran out of poker chips so used dry fruits for playing instead. People went nuts when they saw me raisin the stakes.
Someone broke into my house last night and stole my Limbo stick. How low can you get?
A garage sale is actually a Garbage sale but the "b" is silent.
Adults are always asking little kids what they want to be when they grow up because they're looking for ideas.
When I die, I hope I have enough time to point at a complete stranger and whisper "You did this."
Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one.
I received a call from the school telling me my son is constantly lying. I said "Tell him he's a good liar. I don't have a son."
Hard work never killed anyone, but why take the chance?
What happened when the semicolon broke grammar laws? It was given two consecutive sentences.
China has largest population not because the men are extra horny nor women are extra fertile, but because their condoms are 'Made in China'.
I cooked Pancakes this morning. I was thrilled but my kids weren't. Apparently, he was their favorite rabbit.
I put the "fun" in dysfunctional. 
I would love to insult you... but that would be beyond the level of your intelligence.
What did the painter say to her boyfriend? "I love you with all my art!"

The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the ability to reach it.
Whats the difference between your girlfriend and a walrus? One has a moustache and smells of fish and the other is a walrus.
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. "Yes" is the answer.
Why do women love Chinese food? Because WON TON spelled backward is NOT NOW!
Did you get those yoga pants on sale? Because at my house they're 100% off,

I used to work at a fire hydrant factory couldn't park nowhere near the place.
Two dogs are walking along a street. They are passed by a third dog driving a lorry load of logs. One turns to the other and says: "He started fetching a stick and built up the business from there."
Let me tell you the difference between a good joke and a bad joke... timing.
Absolutely furious that a handful of things not suited to my taste are well liked by others.
Yes, money cannot buy you happiness, but I'd still feel a lot more comfortable crying in a new BMW than on a bike.
What do ghosts serve for dessert? I Scream.
I take my wife everywhere, but she keeps finding her way back.
If I'd shot you sooner, I'd be out of jail by now.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
Chaos, panic, & disorder - my work here is done.
What do the Mafia and a pussy have in common? One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit.
Maybe it's not global warming. Maybe it's just planetary menopause.
Where do sick boats go to get healthy? To the dock!
If bullshit could float...you'd be the Admiral of the fleet! 
What's the difference between a slut and a bitch? A slut will have sex with anyone, a bitch will have sex with anyone but you.
Your gene pool could use a little chlorine.
You have the perfect face for radio.
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble.
The only time a woman wishes that she were a year older is when she is expecting a baby.

It's scary to think that people like you are graduating from college.
You're about as useless as an asshole with tastebuds.
The good Lord didn't create anything without a purpose, but mosquitoes come close.
All those years of getting horrible elementary school pictures was just society's way of preparing you for your driver's license photo.
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
The doctor told his patient to stop using a Q-tip, but it went in one ear and out the other.
You're so fat, you could sell shade.
I think the only time my ex didn't fake an orgasm was when the judge signed the divorce papers.
I had prepared for a battle of wits but I see you came unarmed.
My teenage angst has lasted 30 years.
Diplomacy is the art of sending someone to hell in the way that they are looking forward to it.
If money really did grow on trees, what would be everyone's favorite season? Fall.
Every morning is the dawn of a new error.
If homework goes too easy you are doing it wrong.
Why did the duck go to rehab? Because he was a quack addict!
Just took a power nap on a park bench. Made $7.30 in change.
My landlord says he needs to come talk to me about how high my heating bill is. I told him, "My door is always open".
I was setting a voice recognition password for my new phone and a nearby dog barked and ran away. Now I am still looking for the dog to unlock my phone.
My parents, age 25: "We have a mortgage, a baby and a pension plan!"
Me, age 25: "It's 3am and i can't afford an uber good thing i wore my running shoes!"
Losing a wife can be very tough. Some may even say impossible.
The hotel has a live band and my favourite song is "We're going for a break now, we'll be back later".
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
How many times do I have to flush before you go away? 
I always take life with a grain of salt, ...plus a slice of lemon, ...and a shot of tequila.
Why didn't Cupid shoot his arrow at the lawyer's heart? Because even Cupid can't hit a target that small.

Why did Martin Luther King Jr. boycott laundry detergent? Because it told him to keep his whites and colors separate.
I had a job tying sausages together, but I couldn't make ends meet.
What's the difference between a G-Spot and a golf ball? A guy will actually search for a golf ball.
The human brain is a wonderful thing. It starts working the moment you are born, and never stops until you stand up to speak in public.
I was putting mustard on my sandwich and I had that strange feeling I had already done that. I was experiencing De'-Jonvu!
Hung a picture up on the wall the other day. Nailed it.
When an employment application asks who is to be notified in case of emergency, I always write, "A very good doctor".
Hit snooze until the panic sets in.
A guy goes to a club; the bouncer stops him. "No tie, no entry." He walks back to his car to find a tie. All he found were jumper cables so he puts them around his neck like a tie. He goes back and says "How's this?" The bouncer says "I'll let you in, but don't start anything."
A good time to keep your mouth shut is when you're in deep water.
Why does Beyoncé sing 'to the left, to the left'? Cause black people don't got any rights
For once in my life, I'd like to get up in the morning and be as excited about it as my penis.
My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. It got so bad, finally I had to take his bike away.
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
What did the stamp say to the envelope on Valentine's Day? "I'm stuck on you!"
My taste in men is so bad, the walk of shame for me is when I'm on my way to a date.
Autocorrect can go to He'll.
Secret: Something which is told to one person at a time.
I've never once been able to explain my car trouble to a mechanic without resorting to sound effects.
What underwear does clouds wear? Thunderwear!
I wanted to lose 10 pounds this year. Only 13 to go.
I am the only candidate for president willing to win the feral hog vote, even if it amounts to just 30-50.
Instead of comparing yourself to your peers, change it up and compare yourself to rocks. I am doing pretty good for a rock.
All men are not fools, there are still some bachelors.
I changed my password to "incorrect", so anytime I forget and enter the wrong thing, the computer tells me what it is.
Why was the horse so happy? Because he lived in a stable environment.
There are too many suicide jokes, end it.
Law professor: "You're currently failing your ethics class."
Me: *slides a $20 across the desk* "How about now."
What do you call a boat full of polite football players?
A good sportsman ship.
I made a mistake at the grocery store.
I went to get 6 Sprites. Accidentally picked 7up.
I tried to sue the airline for misplacing my luggage. I lost my case.
What do you call someone without a nose or a body? Nobodynose.
Q: What do you call the space between Kim Kardashian's breasts and butt cheeks?
A: Silicon Valley.
What if there were no hypothetical questions?
What do black people and bicycles have in common? Neither work without chains.
I wear two pairs of pants when I go golfing. People always ask me why I do. I say, "I wear two pants when's I golf just in case I get a hole-in-one.
My grandma always said "Slow and steady wins the race." She died in a fire.
I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe.
If you run in front of a car you'll get tired, but if you run behind the car you'll get exhausted.
What do you call a Russian procrastinator? Putinoff.
You're so sad that even Bob the Builder can't fix your life.
I never ask my kids to call me, I just change the Netflix password and then don't respond to their texts.
Q: What's that thing called when you're only attracted to married men and gay men?
A: Oh. Single. It's called single.
Dear Couples Who Fight In Public, stop trying to whisper and would it kill you to include some backstory.
Maybe you need a ladder to climb out of my business?
Working at a Hospital is the worst cause you can't call in sick. You: "Yeah, I can't come in today, I'm sick." Boss: "Come on in, we'll check you out."
As I get older and remember all the people I've lost along the way. I think to myself maybe a career as a tour guide wasn't for me.
I know Jiu-Jitsu, Sambo, Judo, Aikido and lots of other scary words.
Life is scary; at least the salary is funny.
What would you call a woman who goes out with You? Desperate! 
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
Why do men name their penises? Because they don't like the idea of having a stranger make 90% of their decisions.
42 percent of statistics are made up!
Golfer: "I'd move heaven and earth to break 100 on this course." 
Caddy: "Try heaven; you've already moved most of the earth."
"I ran a half marathon" sounds so much better than "I quit halfway through a marathon".
Women with pasts interest men... they hope history will repeat itself.
Sure boss, I'd love to take on some extra work, I have like 7-8 free hours a night where all I do is sleep anyway.
Not all math puns are terrible. Just sum.
So far eating hasn't filled the emptiness I feel inside, but I'm no quitter.
Progress is made by lazy men looking for an easier way to do things.
I am more pissed off than a dragon trying to blow out candles.
A huge thanks to the guy that just explained the word "many" to me. It means a lot.
A storm blew away only 25 % of my roof last night. Oof
Why is Christmas just like a day at the office? You do all the work and the fat guy with the suit gets all the credit.
Women think about sex every 7 seconds. Just not with you.
The sex was so good that even the neighbors had a cigarette.
If a person told you they were a pathological liar, should you believe them?
A woman marries a man expecting he will change, but he doesn't. A man marries a woman expecting that she won't change, and she does.
There is no key to a woman's heart. There's only a password that changes regularly.
I'm very pleased with my new fridge magnet. So far I've got twelve fridges.
Why don't cannibals eat clowns? They taste funny.
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things that give value to survival.
If Russians pronounce B's as V's then Soviet.
Every time I tell a punny cow joke, I butcher it.
I may not be the brightest nail in the bucket, but at least I have a point.
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
Why is "abbreviation" such a long word? 
My nephew found a cassette tape in my house. It was like watching early man discovered fire.
"Room service."
"Honeymoon salad."
"What's that?"
"Lettuce alone."
I love my life, but it just wants to be friends...
Doctor: "Sir, I'm afraid your DNA is backwards." Me: "And?"
Loneliness is when a person always knows where all of his things are.
I'm not lazy... I'm just on my energy saving mode.
You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.
When your kids are little you're a superhero. When they're teens you're a super villain. After that, your only power is invisibility.
Why did the picture end up in jail? It was framed!
Why do Swedish warships have barcodes on them? So when they dock they can Scandinavian.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Despite my specific instructions, no one that has listened to my voicemail has left me a massage after the beep.
I'm in shape. Round is a shape isn't it
What concert costs 45 cents? 50 Cent feat. Nickelback.
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is.
My wife pissed me off in my dream. When I woke up and told her about it she said it was probably something I started so I ended up apologizing and bought her flowers.
Help stamp out, eliminate and abolish redundancy!
Russian history in 5 words: "And then things got worse."
Masturbation always leads to sex. It's a gateway tug.
I think they picked me for my motivational skills. Everyone always says they have to work twice as hard when I'm around!
I WRITE ALL MY JOKES IN CAPITALS. THIS ONE WAS WRITTEN IN PARIS.
My daughter wants to be really scary this Halloween so instead of a costume, she is going to carry a school fundraising packet to every door.
My wife is going to qualify for free shipping no matter how much it costs.
Why did the coach go back to the bank? To get his quarterback!
We live in an age where mentioning you read a book seems a little bit like you're showing off.
I tried to catch some fog, I mist.
I need to start paying closer attention to stuff. Found out today my wife and I have separate names for the cat.
When I play rock, paper, scissors, people think I always choose scissors. They're wrong. I'm actually flashing a peace sign. Stop the violence.
What did the verb say when the words have, has, and had were removed from the English language? "Nobody's perfect!"
My resolution was to read more so I put the subtitles on my tv.
Did you hear about the guy with 5 dicks? His pants fit him like a glove.
I've put something aside for a rainy day. It's an umbrella.
Fridges should have glass doors.That way i dont have to stand with the fridge door open trying to figure out my next move.
Just saw two zombies on a date... and they say romance is dead.
To make mistakes is human. To blame someone else for your problem, is strategic.
How does a snowman get around? He rides an icicle!
Q: What happens to the man who lost his whole left side of his body? 
A: He is all right now.
Why did the students eat their homework? Because the teacher said that it was a piece of cake.
Some people say sex is bad for you... Those people are virgins.
Laugh and the world laughs with you. Snore and you sleep alone
Tim bought 2 goldfish and named them 1 and 2. If 1 died, he'll still have 2.
If the right side of the brain controls the left side of the body, then lefties are the only ones in their right mind.
To kick start my New Year: I took an IQ test and the results were negative.
Do you wanna lose ten pounds of ugly fat? Cut off your head.
Why didn't Noah swat those two mosquitoes?
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
All my dance moves look like i'm trying to tell the guy on first base to steal second..
If you dont believe in Oral Sex, keep your mouth shut
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
Adult: Someone who has stopped growing at both ends and now grows in the middle.
Whiteboards are remarkable.
What is the difference between a joke and 3 dicks? Your mom can't take a joke.
The best way to remember your wife's birthday is to forget it once.
They say "don't try this at home" so I'm coming over to your house to try it...
Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good.
Whoever said nothing is impossible is a liar. I've been doing nothing for years.
I sat next to a man on the park bench. He had 9 watches on one wrist and 5 in the other. I said man "you sure do have a lot of time on your hands."
I'm the type of person who tries to fall back asleep in the morning, just to finish a dream.
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man.
How do construction workers party? they raise the roof.
The biggest difference between men and women is what comes to mind when the word 'Facial' is used.
What's the difference between Santa and a Jew? Santa comes down the chimney.
Are you a Nice girl or Good girl?: NICE girls blush when they watch porn, GOOD girls smile cause they know they can do better.

If I ever use "Whatever" as a complete sentence, you better run.
I Googled "how to start a wildfire". I got 48,500 matches.
How many alcoholics does it take to change a light bulb? Two. One to hold the bulb, and one to drink until the room starts spinning.
I've never been very good at geography. But I can name at least one city in France, which is Nice.
I can tell people are judgmental just by looking at them.
If Apple built a house would it have windows?
My tennis opponent was not happy with my serve. He kept returning it.
You're proof that god has a sense of humor.
My cross-eyed wife and I just got a divorce. We didn't see eye to eye. I also found out she was seeing someone on the side.
STRESSED is just DESSERTS spelled backward.
A plateau is the highest form of flattery.
Talk is cheap. Until you hire a lawyer.
I think that if I died and went straight to hell it would take me at least a week to realize I wasn't at work anymore.
You can't buy love, but you pay heavily for it.
I'm an adult. I don't cry over spilt milk unless it has coffee in it.
My mother used to make me walk the plank when I was younger, we couldn't afford a dog.
I bought a new Japanese car. I turned on the radio... I don't understand a word they're saying.
Blind man walks into a bar... And a table, and a chair.
There's always something to be thankful for on Thanksgiving. Even if it's just not being a turkey.
Where does the Easter Bunny go to eat pancakes? To IHOP, of course!
Without nipples, breasts would be pointless.
What did the vegan say? I made a big missed steak.
The 3 stages of man: He believes in Santa Claus. He doesn't believe in Santa Claus. He is Santa Claus.
The janitor said he took out the trash last night, he must forgot a piece, what are you still doing here?
It's easier to remember your age if you don't change it every year.
It's not the fall that kills you; it's the sudden stop at the end.
Sarcasm is just one more service we offer.
The older you get, the more you need to keep a fire extinguisher close to the cake.
There are two types of guys: those who pee in the shower and those who don't admit it.
Nobody ever asks how Coca-Cola is doing. It's always, "Is Pepsi okay?"
Treat each day as your last, one day you will be right.
I was going to quit all my bad habits for the new year, but then I remembered that nobody likes a quitter.
Which day do chickens hate the most? Friday.
Well, here I am! What are your other two wishes?
Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia: Fear of long words.
Whats the difference between a jeweler and a jailer? One sells watches and one watches cells.
Would masturbating while smoking weed be considered masturblazing, weedwhacking, or highjacking?
White smoke from under my hood means either my starter went out or my car has elected a new Pope.
In democracy, it's your vote that counts. In feudalism, it's your count that votes.
You haven't experienced awkward until you try to tickle someone who isn't ticklish.
Some people say "If you can't beat them, join them". I say "If you can't beat them, beat them", because they will be expecting you to join them, so you will have the element of surprise.
Seen it all, done it all, can't remember most of it.
Diplomacy is saying "nice doggy" until you find a big rock.
I have kleptomania, but when it gets bad, I take something for it.
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not sure.
What has a head, a tail, and no body? A coin!
The kid drowned. All his mates showed up at his funeral with life jackets on. Because it's what he would've wanted.
My mind wants to dance but my body is a really awkward white guy.
My wife still hasn't told me what my New Year's resolutions are.
If Mayans could predict the future, why didn't they predict their extinction?
Sorry I'm late! I was at home sitting down.
My friend drowned in a bowl of muesli. He was pulled in by a strong currant.
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
I have won first place in this Halloween costume contest 16 years in a row. This year I am dressed as a hotdog. I'm on a roll.
Why was the tree excited about the future? It was ready to turn over a new leaf!
You're slower than a herd of turtles stampeding through peanut butter. 
What does "reading comprehension" even mean?
No matter how bad you are playing, it is always possible to play worse.
Sure, I'd love to help you out... now, which way did you come in?
I've found if you say "well well well" as soon as someone sits down across from you, you immediately get the upper hand for about 2 seconds.
People who live in stone houses shouldn't throw glasses.
Fathers Day is just like Mothers Day, only you don't spend as much.
Time is at once the most valuable and most perishable of all our possessions.
Give a Nigerian a fish he'll eat for a day. Teach a Nigerian to phish and he'll become a prince and start e-mailing people.
You can't have everything, where would you put it?
It turns out the answer to my problems wasn't at the bottom of this pint of ice cream, but the important thing is that I tried.
Just a reminder to all married people: If you have promised your wife or husband that you will love her 24/7, then today is 24/7!
Yo momma so fat she has more rolls than a bakery.
After kissing a girl on her sofa she said "let's take this upstairs"."Ok" I said "You grab one end and I'll grab the other"
What do a nearsighted gynecologist and a puppy have in common? A wet nose.
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta!
I'm drawn toward women who are beautiful when they are angry because once we start dating that's how they'll look 90% of the time.
The only one of your children who does not grow up and move away is your husband.
If you find yourself in a hole. Stop digging.
Your opinion is very important to me, please remain on the line until it goes to voicemail.
If you can't say something nice, say it to your husband... he's not listening anyway.
Laughing stock: cattle with a sense of humor.
What do you call a bunch of black kids in a swimming pool? Coco puffs.
What's the difference between a paycheck and a penis? You don't have to beg your wife to blow your paycheck.
I can cut down a tree only using my vision. It's true! I saw it with my own eyes!
Just remember, it's better to pay full price than to admit you're a senior citizen.
A mate said he saw several elderly men repairing shoes in the back of a van. I reckon it's a load of old cobblers.
Did I say feelings? I meant uhhh sandwiches. I have sandwiches for you.
Q: What happens once in a minute and twice in a moment but never in a decade?
A: The letter "m."
I can feel my personality turning a dull shade of grey when I talk to you.
Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
When I see ads on TV with smiling, happy housewives using a new cleaning product, the only thing I want to buy are the meds they must be on.
I've never played the bagpipes but I have carried a screaming three-year-old toddler over my shoulder.
As the joker said, if you are good at something why do it for free...
I'm multi-talented: I can talk and piss you off at the same time.
Concerning the absence of toilet paper, there should be complaint books laid out at publicly used places.
Cells multiply by dividing.
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
How do you make a fire with two sticks? Make sure one of them is a match!
Just got a job as senior director at Old McDonald's Farm. I'm the CIEIO.
What's six inches long, two inches wide, and drives women wild? Money.
I didn't know angels could fly so low.
But do you know what 6.9 is? A good thing screwed up by a period.
An opinion without 3.14159 is just an onion.
iPhone8 (X) has facial recognition. It looked at my face and told me that I can't afford it...
No one is listening until you make a mistake.
Those of you who think you know it all are damn annoying to those of us who do!
Know why Santa always smiles? He knows where all the naughty girls live!
Even paranoids have enemies.
What do you call blueberries playing the guitar? A jam session.
Is it good or bad if your vacuum sucks?
How does a cup steal from you? He mugs you.
Well, this day was a total waste of makeup.
I became a vegetarian – switched to weed.
What is an astronaut's favorite key on a keyboard? Space!
Somebody stole my mood ring and I'm not quite sure how I feel about that..
I've seen people like you, but I had to pay admission!
I hope the guy who invented Autocorrect burns in hello!
I heard Jesus was a gangster... he had a few wise guys looking out for him that's for sure.
What did the tree say to autumn? Leaf me alone.
I applied for a job today and they ask for three references. I wrote, "a dictionary, a Thesaurus, and a map."
Why do Java developers wear glasses? Beacause they cant C#.
Your cock is so small you could use it to floss teeth.
If I could meet my brain the first thing I would probably say is: "It was truly and sincerely horrible working with you."
If a fire-fighter's business can go up in smoke, and a plumber's business can go down the drain, can a hooker get laid off?
I trapped a couple of vegans in my basement. At least I think they're vegan. They keep shouting 'lettuce leaf!'
Trump should not have said "shit-hole countries". The correct term is "turd-world countries".
For Valentines Day I have been contemplating my current and past relationships. I organized the data and plotted it using an Ex-Axis and a Why-Axis.
Think Im Sarcastic? Watch Me Pretend To Care!
I'm in a long distance relationship. My girlfriend is in the future.
Teacher: "Where was the Constitution of India signed?" 
Student: "At the bottom of the page!"
Behind every successful man, you'll find a woman who has nothing to wear.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
How do you know the handprint on the wet paint was left by a man? Because they can't look and not touch.
My resumé is just a list of things I hope you never ask me to do.
Will glass coffins be a success? Remains to be seen.
My name is John but you can call me tonight.
Erotic is using a feather, kinky is using the whole chicken...
Did you hear about the pessimist who hates German sausage? He always fears the Wurst.
True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable.
A nigger says to his doctor: "Each time I have sex with a white girl my eyes hurt." "Yes, you are probably allergic to pepper spray."
Some people have skeletons in their closet. I have a whole graveyard!
What do you call a Mexican with a vasectomy? A dry Martinez.
Whats long and hard and has cum in it? A cucumber.

I remember when Halloween was the scariest night of the year. Now, it's Election night.
What does a skeleton orders at a restaurant? Spare ribs.
You never realize what you have until it's gone. Toilet paper, for example.
Teachers who take class attendance are absent-minded.
I've got a phobia of over-engineered buildings. It's a complex complex complex.
Work hard and save your money and when you are old you will be able to buy the things only the young can enjoy.
He doesn't know the meaning of fear... but then again, he doesn't know the meaning of MOST words.
What's the difference between a Harley and a vacuum cleaner? The position of the dirtbag.
The best way to keep a job is to work at it!
There are no winners in life ...only survivors.
I assert dominance over millennials by responding to their texts with phone calls.
How do you know Adam and Eve weren't black? Ever try and take a rib from a black.
When people won't talk to me, it doesn't bother me. When a dog won't let me pet them, man, that really hurts.
What do people wear in a trench? Trench coats.
That awkward moment when you're about to hug someone sexy as hell and then you hit the mirror.
I was going to make a joke about homosexuality, butt fuck it.
Hard to take women with false eyelashes seriously. It's like watching two tarantulas scream for attention.
He's as sharp as a bowling ball.
Do you know why I make puns? Because it's my respunsibility.
The person who invented the door knock won the No-bell prize.
Are you a computer whiz? it seems you know how to turn my software to hardware.
Electricity is dangerous. Shocking, ain't it?
Why are fish never good tennis players? They don't like getting close to the net.
I work to buy a car to go to work.
I made a graph of my past relationships. It has an ex axis and a why axis.
Lawyers really aren't so bad, it's just ninety-nine percent of lawyers that make the rest look bad.
A cement mixer and a prison bus crashed on the highway...
Police advise citizens to be on the lookout for a group of hardened criminals!
Why did the baseball player have difficulty dating? Because he always had trouble getting to first base.
I went to the sign store the other day but all they had were left-hand turn signs. I didn't buy one because I knew deep down it just wouldn't be right.
Why do mother kangaroos hate rainy days? Because their kids have to play inside!
I don't mean to brag but I'm helping a Nigerian Prince with a pretty serious financial matter. I can't really talk about it.
Me: "You said dress for the job you want." Boss: "Give me my clothes back."
Fathering two daughters seemed like a good idea, but then glitter.
Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't!
668 – The neighbour of the beast.
The last thing on earth you want to do will be the last thing you do.
Thank goodness! Testimony from your parrot is not admissible in court.
I'm already visualising the duct tape across your mouth.
Cancer cures smoking.
It's not a relationship until you argue about whose turn it is to apologize.
Life didn't work out, but everything else is not that bad.
Sorry I didn't respond to you just now. I was doing something productive and not wasting my precious time with your lowlife speeches.
What is the difference between a teacher and a train? One says, "Spit out your gum," and the other says, "Choo choo choo!"
I may not be Dairy Queen, baby, but I'll treat you right!
My daughter told me she wants to be a secret agent. Based on that alone, I don't think she'd be a good secret agent.
You stare at frozen juice cans because they say, "concentrate".
Before I buy a leaf blower I want to make sure I understand the rules. We just blow the leaves at each other's houses, right?
My Sister was crying so I asked her if she was having a cry-sis.
Scientists are concerned the legalization of marijuana in Canada may result in an entire nation of overly friendly and polite people.
What did the paper clip say to the magnet? I find you very attractive. 
All the dinosaurs were wiped out by an asteroid hitting the earth 66 million years ago... I'm sorry, but they shouldn't all have been standing in the same place.
Why don't oysters share their pearls? Because they're shellfish.
Happy 3 week anniversary to the 26 browser tabs I have open.
Went to quite a few stores to find the best prices for herbs... I think it was thyme well spent.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
At my job, I have 500 people under me. I'm a security guard at a cemetery.
I would make jokes about the sea, but they are too deep.
Give a man a gun and he will rob a bank. Give a man a bank and he will rob everyone.
What do you call a Black Wizard? A Negromancer.
I believe in respect for the dead; in fact, I could only respect you if you WERE dead.
What is the difference between snowmen and snowwomen? Snowballs.
What do you and your shower have in common? You both get wet when I turn you on.
If time is money are ATM's time machines?
I screamed at my neighbor, "What on earth are you doing on our roof!" 
He screamed back, "I saw you at the bar, and you said the drinks were on the house!"
A girl in a restaurant asked me "Are you single?". I happily replied "Yes". She took away the extra chair in front of me.
What do women and police cars have in common? They both make a lot of noise to let you know they are coming.
You so ugly when who were born the doctor threw you out the window and the window threw you back.
I married Miss Right. I just didn't know her first name was Always.
How does a man take a bubble bath? He eats beans for dinner.
Tea is like F5 to me, it's refreshing.
I started wearing skinny jeans because they're fashionable and I was tired of my wife respecting me as a man.
At this point in my life, my resume's "special skills" section just says: "pronounces Massachusetts towns" and "can nap on planes."
Life is an internet. 30 days after you met she wants you to register and begins taking taxes every month.
The Miss Universe pageant is fixed. All the winners are from Earth.
A female magician made her boyfriend vanish. How? By asking for a commitment.
I just read a book about Stockholm Syndrome. It was pretty bad at first, but by the end I kinda liked it.
What do you call a black guy who goes to college? A Basketball player.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on earth.
Marriage is the main reason for divorce.
Shock me, say something intelligent.
It's bad luck to be superstitious.
Tell me what you need, and I'll tell you how to get along without it. 
Today a fortune cookie told me that every exit is an entrance. Long story short, my girlfriend said no.
What do you call someone who is afraid of picnics? A basket case!
Never attribute to malice what can be adequately explained by stupidity.
I recently heard about a mannequin that lost all of his friends because he was so clothes minded!
A graduation ceremony is an event where the commencement speaker tells thousands of students dressed in identical caps and gowns that 'individuality' is the key to success.
I lost my job at the bank on my very first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
What do tofu and dildos have in common? They're both meat substitutes.
Don't judge women by kilos, and you won't be judged by centimeters.
My neighbor obviously doesn't watch porn, she asked me to fix her sink 2 hours ago and I'm still fixing her sink.
THANKS TO YOU I have learned that my prayers only get answered if I forward an e-mail to seven of my friends and make a wish within five minutes.
What do you have when you have two balls in your hand? A man's undivided attention!
I needed a password eight characters long so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
My new girlfriend works at the Zoo. I think she is a keeper.
The possibilities are endless, but I just want the good ones.
Becoming a parent is great. It's a beautiful and rewarding experience. It's almost as good as not becoming one.
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action.
Why do we bake cookies and cook bacon?
I eat the broken cookies first because I feel bad for them.
Warning: Dates in calendar are closer than they appear.
My prince is not coming on a white horse... He's obviously riding a turtle, and definitely lost.
Women who seek to be equal to men lack ambition.
Men are like bank accounts. Without a lot of money, they don't generate much interest.
Wife: "You're addicted to skin lotion!" 
Husband: "Go ahead. Rub it in my face."
Cats spend two thirds of their lives sleeping, and the other third making viral videos.
What does a baby computer call its father? Data.
Yesterday I decided to change my WiFi name to "Hack me if you can" and when I woke up this morning I saw the name changed to "Challenge accepted" somebody help.
There's no 'I' in team, but there is a 'U' in suck.
Sure, I may not be in a relationship, but I am three people's plan B and someone's maybe if we're ever the last two people on Earth.
What do you get if you cross an owl with a witch? A bird that's ugly but doesn't give a hoot!
I recently decided to sell my vacuum cleaner, all it was doing was gathering dust.
Anyone who says "good morning" on a Monday is a sociopath.
You have a room temperature IQ - if the room is in Antarctica.
It's not what man can create it's what man can become.
If the koreans cannot do it, they will tell you that they won do it.
Let's convert our potential energy into kinetic energy.
An old woman at a wedding told me that I'm next... so I said that to her at a funeral.
I am so single once I tried to change my Facebook status from single to relationship, captcha pops on my screen Facebook thought I may be a robot.
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
I'm gonna spend Valentine 's Day with my ex... Box 360.
I love when they drop the ball in Times Square. It's a nice reminder of what I did all year.
Do you want to know how I get all these insults? I use something called intelligence.
What do you call a mind reader who can't read minds? A telepathetic.
Love is one long sweet dream... and marriage is the alarm clock.
That awkward moment when your child looks to you for wisdom and you're like, "Honey, I don't even know what day of the week it is."
People often ask me if my French jokes are immature... wee.
Why did the duck get arrested? Because he was selling quack.
Scientist: "My findings are meaningless if taken out of context."
Media: Scientist claims "Findings are meaningless."
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.
Being a great father is like shaving. No matter how good you shaved today, you have to do it again tomorrow.
Laugh alone and the world thinks you're an idiot.
Zebras are just horses that escaped from prison.
I may not be getting laid tonight, but I'm definitely banging my snooze button in the morning.
Jehovah's Witnesses don't celebrate Halloween. I guess they don't appreciate random people coming up to their door.
A man came up with a new invention, a vibrating tampon. That way a woman can be at her best when she is at her worst.
Teacher: "Name a bird with wings but can't fly." 
Student: "A dead bird, sir."
Mom: If a boy touches your boobs say "don't" and if he touches your pussy say "stop"? Girl: But mom, he touched both so I said "don't stop". 

If I had a dollar for every time you said something smart, I'd be broke.
Why do you need a driver's license to buy liquor when you can't drink and drive?
What's the difference between men and government bonds? Bonds mature.
Young riders pick a destination and go... Old riders pick a direction and go.
Boy : I have a pen you have a phone number. Think of the possibilities. Girl : I have a sandal you have a face. Think of Casualties.
Call me a racist if you want but south of the border is a sea of violence, corruption, and stupidity. I wouldn't touch it with a 10 foot pole. I just thank my lucky stars I live in Canada.
I'm at a McDonalds and their phone just rang. I have to assume whoever is making that call is a completely unstable human being.
Make sure you limit your video game time today, I don't want you to become super violent. Remember, before video games war wasn't a thing.
Welcome to backhanded compliment club, it's so nice meeting people who don't care how they look.
My ideal date: We order food, I eat mine and yours. you are impressed and order me more.
I grew up so poor we could only listen to Simon or Garfunkel.
What do you call a turkey that's got no feathers? Thanksgiving dinner.
Get married early in the morning. That way, if it doesn't work out, you haven't wasted a whole day.
Does your skin feel burnt? Because I think you must have just fallen down from heaven, and re-entry gave you a tan.
Retirement kills more people than hard work ever did.
 Why doesn't Santa have any kids? He only comes once a year.

If it is not Valentines day and you see a man in a flower shop, you can probably start up a conversation by asking, 'What did you do?' 
Did you hear about the vegan transgender? He was a herbefore.
She gave me an Australian kiss. It's the same as a French kiss, but down under.
Married men live longer than single men, but they're a lot more willing to die.
You will never find anybody who can give you a clear and compelling reason why we observe daylight savings time.
"Tired" isn't even a temporary state for me anymore it's more like a part of my personality at this point.
No, those pants don't make you look fatter. I mean, how could they?
I'm seriously thinking about re-marrying my ex-wife, but I'm pretty sure she'll figure out I'm just after my money.
Password looks at itself in the mirror:
"Don't listen to Google. You are a strong, confident password."
Men wake up as good-looking as they went to bed. Women somehow deteriorate during the night.
I didn't realize how bad of a driver I was until my sat nav said, "In 400 feet, do a slight right, stop, and let me out."
Why don't you ever see hippos hiding in trees? Because they are really good at it.
What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed? "Oh sheet!"
One bird can't make a pun. But toucan.
Despite the cost of living, have you noticed how it remains so popular?
Good women are found in every corner of the earth. Unfortunately earth is round.
What nationality is Santa Claus? North Polish
I intend to live forever... or die trying.
The best things in the world are free - and worth every penny of it.
Be safety conscious. 80% of people are caused by accidents.
Doing yoga got me out of the habit of biting my fingernails. Now I bite my toenails.
Ask me about my vow of silence.
80 % of the brain is fluid. Unfortunately, in your case, it's brake fluid.
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
Some people hear voices.. Some see invisible people.. Others have no imagination whatsoever.
What did the paper say to the pencil? You've got a good point!
To err is human, to blame it on somebody else shows management potential.
Never do card tricks for the group you play poker with. 
Why can't you take anything balloons say seriously? They're always full of hot air!
Everything is edible, some things are only edible once.
Talk is cheap because supply exceeds demand.
She's so ugly she has to sneak up on a mirror.
Set your wifi password to 2444666668888888. So when someone asks for it,  tell them it's 12345678.
My girlfriend asked me to pass her the Chapstick and I accidentally passed her the Glue Stick! She still hasn't talked to me!
What is a vampires favourite type of ship? A blood vessel.
Teacher: "What is the future tense of the statement: 'I had killed a thief'?" 
Student: "You will go to jail."
Is everything expensive or I'm just poor?
What happens to lacrosse players who go blind? They become referees.
One day you will meet someone so amazing in every way who will want absolutely nothing to do with you.
What does a mathematician say when something goes wrong? Figures!
My memory has gotten so bad it has actually caused me to lose my job. I'm still employed. I just can't remember where.
What color do Smurfs turn if you choke them?
Just gonna have a quick nap because I heard you can sleep your way to the top.
I used to build stairs for a living, it's an up and down business.
Kids asked if they could do something & I said yes so my wife lowered my security clearance & now I'm not authorized to make those decisions
Did you ever look at what's "Popular on Netflix" and think, man there are a lot of dumb motherfuckers watching Netflix?
I put a new freezer next to the refrigerator, now they're just chilling.
I could make jokes about fences, but they are offencive.
I work out almost every day. Friday I almost worked out, Saturday I almost worked out, Sunday I almost worked out...
The artist thought his favourite paint had been stolen, but it was just a pigment of his imagination.
I'm single by choice. Unfortunately, it's not my choice.
A priest, a rabbi and a vicar walk into a bar. The barman says, "Is this some kind of joke?"
Honesty is the best policy but insanity is the best defense.
The panic begins with the first one to say ‘Calm down!'
An invention of the hug: "You look sad. Let me choke your whole body"
I am depressed in every way except emotionally.
When you don't know, what you are doing, it's best, to do it quickly.
My dog Minton ate all my shuttlecocks. Bad Minton.
Why do women have cleaner minds than men? Because they change theirs more often.
Smartphones are pacifiers for adults.
What do you get when you cross an Asian with a black? A car thief who can't drive.
A woman has the last word in any argument. Anything a man says after that is the beginning of a new argument.
Good morning to everyone except people who call to make sure you got their email (like 30 seconds after you got it).
I've pre-planned my funeral to include a 32 minute montage of the times I've accidentally waved hello to someone waving to someone behind me.
Self Control - the only way to survive in a world full of idiots.
I might drive you crazy, but at least I'll take the scenic route.
I read recipes the same way I read science fiction. I get to the end and I think, "Well, that's not going to happen."
What do you call a bee that lives in America? A USB.
The trouble with unemployment is that the minute you wake up in the morning you're on the job.
How much did the butcher charge for his venison? A buck!
I always knew that I could never be a lawyer because of my inability to pass a bar.
I got a job in a health club, but they said I wasn't fit for the job.
Maybe if we all sit extremely still, Monday won't be able to see us.
Love is like a machine... sometimes you need a good screw to fix it.
A procrastinator's work is never done.
Sang the rainbow song in front of a police officer, got arrested for colourful language
Imagine being 5 minutes from the end of the longest movie ever & it starts over because it forgot something. That's my kid telling a story.
My wife sent her photograph to the Lonely Hearts Club. They sent it back saying they weren't that lonely.
How can you tell if a man is sexually excited? He's breathing.
Tomorrow is April Fools Day. Believe nothing, and trust no one. "So it's like any other day."
Why is Stevey Wonder Smiling all the time? He doesn't know he's black.
Do skunks celebrate Valentine's Day? Sure, they're very scent-imental! 
We need to look at how the world really works, not just accept the way we are told it works.
You'd think that with NSA reading our tweets all the time,  they could star or retweet some of the good ones.
My wife ran off with my best friend last week. I miss him!
If someone hates you for no reason, give that motherfucker a reason.
The human soul weighs 1.2lbs. I know because I've weighed myself before and after I walk into my job.
My dad used to say "Always fight fire with fire." Probably explains why he was thrown out of the Fire Service.
I'm here for whatever you need me to do from the couch.
What do u call 2 black people in a red blanket? A Kit-Kat
There are few things I enjoy more than picking an argument with my girlfriend when she has the hiccups.
Why can't black people play in the sandbox? Because the cats keep burying them.
Life isn't about winning and losing. It's about wishing you would have won and wondering why you lost.
If you are here - who is running hell?
I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed looked.
Remember when "It's complicated" was a relationship status, not a gender?
Wives are like grenades... Remove the ring and boom, a house is gone!
My ex and I had a very amicable divorce. I know this because when I wrote the Facebook status "I'm getting a divorce," he was the first one to click Like.
Kids, don't grow up... it's a trap!
Why did the lion broke up with his girlfriend? Because she was a cheetah!
Dear men, "I don't want anything for Valentine's Day" is the same as "I'm fine." You're welcome.
You're like school in the summertime - no class.
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
The amount of time my phone spends plugged in you may as well call it a landline.
I used to be a boy trapped in a woman's body. But after 9 long months, I was finally born!
I would give my right arm to be ambidextrous!
Facebook should have a limit on times you can update your relationship status, after 3 it should default to 'unstable'.
There are three kinds of people: The ones who learn by reading. The ones who learn by observation. And the rest of them who have to touch the fire to learn it's hot.
The word 'possesses', possesses so many s's, that any one can't assess it without knowing 's', I guess !
Why are birthday's good for you? Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest!
Why did the M&M go to school? Because he really wanted to be a Smartie!
A flashlight is a case for holding dead batteries.
I was hooked on auctions after only going once... going twice.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A: a rip off
Statistically 6 out of 7 Dwarfs are not Happy.
My friend asked me to describe myself in 3 words... "Lazy."
If I tell you I'm thinking about you, don't get too excited, because I'm also thinking about nachos.
Sometimes I go into the fitting room with jeans three sizes too big so I can feel what it's like to succeed at a diet.
Error, no keyboard. Press F1 to continue.
My wife can eat one Reese's peanut butter cup and save the other one for later, so I'm clearly married to a supernatural being.
I threw a boomerang many years ago. I now live in constant fear.
Childhood is like being drunk, everyone remembers what you did, except you.
Did you get a bowl of soup with that haircut?
There are so many scams on the Internet these days.... but for $19.95 I can show you how to avoid them.
I just hired a private investigator to find out what I do all day.
The recipe said "Set the oven to 180 degrees" so I did, but now I can't open it because the door faces the wall.
You look like a person that would exchange one of your chromosomes for a Big Mac.
I lost my paper towels, I think I need a bounty hunter.
Q:  Why didn't the skeleton dance at the Halloween party?
A:  It had no body to dance with!
Children are the leading cause of old age.
They call it "pms" because "mad cow disease" was already taken.
When I look into your eyes, I see straight through to the back of your head.
Evening news is where they begin with ‘Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
Don't mess with old people, life imprisonment is not that much of a deterrent anymore.
My wife dresses to kill. She cooks the same way.
If I promise to miss you, will you go away?
Some people are so poor, all they have is money.
I'd like to start today by telling you how wonderful (NAME) is. I'd like to but...
Red meat is not bad for you. Fuzzy green meat is bad for you.
A woman has got to love a bad man once or twice in her life, to be thankful for a good one.
When is a field hockey player like a judge? When she sits on the bench.
I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
I wonder why there are locks on the doors of Seven-Eleven when it says they are open 24/7.
You can tell a girl likes you if she stares at your phone instead of her own.
How do men define a "50/50" relationship? We cook-they eat; we clean-they dirty; we iron-they wrinkle.
Everybody is somebody else's weirdo.
Cigarettes aren't good for you, neither are women but I ain't about to go gay.
What's the best place to grow flowers in school?... In the kindergarden.
Why is being in the military like a blow-job? The closer you get to discharge, the better you feel. 
Tried watching The Neverending Story, couldn't finish it.
Why didn't the Indian like having two t.p.'s? They made him 2 tence.
The number one cause of death is too many birthdays.
A parent's job is basically a daily struggle to help a crazy person stay alive.
I wish conversations were like user agreements where I could skip to the end and just agree.
The more vital your research, the less people will understand it.
It currently feels like we're living in the "Days Leading Up To..." section of the history books.
What's the king of all school supplies? The ruler.
Hell hath no fury like a mother who sees her child using plates reserved only for guests.
Why is a doctor always calm? Because it has a lot of patients.
Fixing broken windows is a pane in the glass.
What did the beach say as the tide came in? Long time no sea.
For those who never forget a face, you are an exception.
Thanksgiving, man. Not a good day to be my pants.
The end of a relationship isn't the worst thing. It's worse when it doesn't end after the end.
I was lonely because I had no women... until I met a man who had no hands.
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
Never answer an anonymous letter.
Men will brag that there are women waiting by the phone at this very moment for their call. Who are these women? Women working at 900 numbers.
What do you call a midget Mexican? A paragraph because he's not quite an essay.
Did you hear about the hungry clock? It went back four seconds!
Gave my co-worker the Heimlich maneuver. Proving once again I'm no good at birthday gifts.
We're you made in a lab, cause damn you are one failed experiment.
There's safety in Numbers, but I prefer Deuteronomy.
If every day is a gift, I'd like a receipt for Monday. I want to exchange it for another Friday.
The day you feel like "am I a joke to you" is the day when you study for a science exam and realized that the exam is math.
A man on a date wonders if he'll get lucky. A woman already knows.
Why do people become butchers? So they can meat people.
I like when flies won't leave my car on long road trips. Have fun moving to Kansas, you tiny idiot.
Wanna measure the coefficient of static friction between us?
There's no "I" in "team" but there are 5 in "individual brilliance".
It's not how good your work is, it's how well you explain it.
I have a fantasy, to sleep with 2 women... in the same year.
One day I'll look up from my phone and realize my kids put me in a nursing home.
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
Just saw a heavyset man carrying loads of weapons, even had one hanging out of his backside... it was big arse 'n' all.
If i was the Grinch, I wouldn't steal Christmas. I'd steal you.
No Déjà vu please...I Don't want to go through that again
Brains are wonderful, I wish everyone had one.
if a single teacher cant teach us all subjects,how is a student supposed to learn all the fucking subjects?
God created earth and heaven, the rest was made in China.
You've got two brain cells: one is in a wheelchair and the other one is pushing.
For my next trick I need a condom and a volunteer...
I don't flirt with disaster, I take it home and fuck it.
What's the difference between a woman having her period and a terrorist? You can negotiate with a terrorist
Sex is like air; its not important unless you arent getting any.
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
I'm busy now. Can I ignore you some other time?
I think I married someone else's soulmate. I wish they'd come get him.
The best part about working in an office is that if you ever forget that you got a haircut, someone will definitely point it out to you.
Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?
Kids, just because I don't care doesn't mean I'm not listening.
For every action there is an equal and opposite criticism.
It's officially New Year's Eve, you only have a couple of hours to do all the things you will resolve not to do in the new year.
Updating your relationship status in public is fine. Updating your relationship problems in public is stupidity.
The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that sex for money usually costs a lot less.
A New Year's resolution is something that goes in one year and out the other.
What's black on the outside and white on the inside? Whitney Houston's nose! "
Don't be nervous if someone is driving ahead of you- the world is round, just think that you're driving first!
Why do women close their eyes during sex? They can't stand seeing a man have a good time.
What is the thinnest book in the world? "What Men Know About Women"
Never go to bed angry, stay awake and plot your revenge. 
I discovered I scream the same way whether I'm about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot.
People just like to argue. People: "No we don't."
I took an IQ test and the results were negative.
What a lovely surprise to finally discover how unlonely being alone can be.
Q: What do you call a bench full of white people?
A: The MLB.
What tea do hockey players drink? Penaltea!
A woman participating in a survey was asked how she felt about condoms. She said, "Depends on what's in it for me."
I'm trying to finish writing a script for a porno movie, but there are just too many holes in the plot.
I threw my toaster away because it kept burning my bread. You could say I'm black toast intolerant.
If you're looking for sympathy, you'll find it in the dictionary between "shit" and "syphilis"
Some people walk into our lives and leave footprints on our hearts. Others walk into our lives and we want to leave footprints on their face!
I do try to be empathetic and put myself in other people's shoes... but I have big feet.
Why is the man who invests all your money called a broker?
Such a little man, such a drama queen.
There's never enough time to do it right, but there's always enough time to do it over.
What is the true purpose of Valentine's Day? To remind single people they are single.
When people don't make sense, listen to music. It always does.
I have to exercise early in the morning before my brain figures out what I'm doing.
What is the difference between a unicorn and a carrot? One is a funny beast and the other is a bunny feast.
Why can't you give Elsa a balloon? She will Let It Go!
Has anyone heard the news about a festival in the US where a girl got her head stuck on a truck oversized tailpipe? Apparently she was exhausted...
It's a good thing farts aren't "contagious" like yawns.
A guy with a stutter died in prison before he could finish his sentence.
You should argue with your wife only when she's not around.
Where does a fish go to borrow money? The loan shark!
An average teenage boy nowadays has seen more naked women than all of their ancestors put together.
Have you ever has sex while camping? It's fucking intents.
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
I'm out of bed and dressed. What more do you want?
Iron Man is a very confusing character. I know he's a guy but he could have been Fe Male.
Why do husbands die before their wives? They want to.
Where did you buy your stupidity? Or it was given for free and you took an overdose?
What is the tallest building in the world? A library- it has the most stories!
Q: Why shouldn't you write with a broken pencil?
A: Because it's pointless!
What does snowman have and snow women doesn't, snowballs.
The truth is out there; it just hasn't been indexed well.
My boyfriend is not like other guys. He wants to date me.
Me: How do I unsubscribe so I don't get your emails any more?
Boss: what
Dentist: "You need a crown." Patient: "Finally someone who understands me"
When do you congratulate someone on their mistake? On their marriage.
It's the freaking weekend, find a sleepy seaside town with a horrifying backstory and a murder to solve.
If zombies are attacking you, just invite them to a party! Nobody wants to kill the life of a party!
It's not the bullet that kills you, it's the hole.
Where do frogs deposit their money? In a river bank.
An angry woman can pack everything she owns in an hour, but it will take her a week to pack for vacation? Women...
I changed my password everywhere to "incorrect". That way when I forget it, it always reminds me, "Your password is incorrect".
Save your breath... You'll need it to blow up your date.
If 2 guys are having sex and the house catches on fire. Who gets out first, the guy on top or the guy on the bottom? The guy on the bottom cause he's already got his shit packed.
Why do men like love at first sight? Because he knows it's all over as soon as she opens her mouth.
Multitasking: screwing up several things at once.
Why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars, but check when you say the paint is wet?
The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously.
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex? Oral sex makes your day, anal sex makes your hole weak.
Friends are like condoms: They protect you when things get hard.
You are such a good friend that if we were on a sinking ship together and there was only one life jacket ... I'd miss you heaps and think of you often.
Don't get me wrong, I'm grateful to have a job. I just wish it wasn't THIS job.
There are two kinds of friends : those who are around when you need them, and those who are around when they need you.
When my friends are sad, i send them a long ass paragraph, but when I'm sad, they only say "Oh sorry" or "Well that sucks".
Help! This is my first time cooking for Thanksgiving. The turkey's been in the oven for two hours, and it's still running around!
70% of our planet is covered in water, the other 30% is covered in idiots.
Why don't bunnies make noise when they have sex? Because they have cotton balls.
How many Microsoft programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None, they declare darkness to be the new standard.
Remember: You can eat your way out of almost any problem.
I can't wait for Valentine's Day because I get to make cupcakes for a special someone and that special someone is me.
Why does the Law society prohibit sex between lawyers and their clients? To prevent clients from being billed twice for essentially the same service! 
If a woman is cold as a fish, a man has to be as patient as a fisherman.
A relationship without trust is like a phone without service. And what do you do with a phone without service? You play games.
Sometimes the only way you can feel good about yourself is by making someone else look bad. And I'm tired of making other people feel good about themselves!
The last time I was inside a woman was when I went to the Statue of Liberty.
Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.
Do you know why libraries don't have books about suicide? They never get returned.
What do you call your sister if she only has one leg? Eileen.
I just want to live in a world where people come with on/off switches.
Apparently, 29% of pet owners let their pet sleep on the bed with them, so I gave it a try. My fucking goldfish died.
Today I have met the vegetarian brother of Bruce Lee. Brocco Lee.
I use artificial sweetener at work. I add it to everything I say to my boss.
What did Cinderella say when her photos did not show up? Someday my prints will come!
Cop: "Have you been out drinking?"
Me: "Uh yeah, I'm 28, I've been out drinking literally hundreds of times."
Why can't fishermen be generous? Because their business makes them sell fish!
With my luck I'll probably be reincarnated as me.
If sex is such a natural phenomenon, how come there are so many books on how to do it?
I got lost in your eyes. But I also get lost in most department stores, so I wouldn't read too much into it.
I'm watching my neighbor through the blinds, he's so creepy.
The media's relationship with Hillary is just like Bill's relationship with Hillary. The relationship is unwanted and forced, and they'll move on to the next person any chance they get.
Confucius says Love one another. If it doesn't work, just interchange the last two words.
What is the difference between a battery and a woman? A battery has a positive side.
Spider-man has been unmasked in all his last 4 films. If I was him, I wouldn't even bother dressing up.
After (M)onday and (T)uesday even the week says WTF!
There are approximately 45 seconds between "I'll make us an omelet" and "We're having scrambled eggs.
Top Causes of Divorce:

4. Finances
3. Infidelity
2. Lack of Intimacy
1. Thermostat Wars
What do call an Irishman sitting by the pool? Paddy O'Furniture.
If you feel a bit lonely, forgotten, or just need someone to cheer you up remember...You can always change your birthday on facebook!
Why did St. Patrick drive all the snakes out of Ireland? He couldn't afford plane fare.
Why do men become smarter during sex? Because they are plugged into a genius.
I went to buy some camouflage trousers the other day but I couldn't find any.
I invented a new word today. Plagiarism.
Actually, I don't think you're dyslexic; just really, really stupid. 
I just let my mind wander, and it didn't come back.
We All KEA! My first day on the job at an IKEA store, I was told by my boss that employees needed to go to the meeting room before every shift. I asked why. He said, "Assembly required."
Love is the irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
A woman's age is harder to get than the President's phone number.
My cat constantly looks at me like I asked her to give me a ride to the airport.
My brain is not equipped with facial or name recognition technology.
A four letter word that every man is afraid of? (More)
Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation; the other eight are unimportant.
I have only seen people underwhelmed or overwhelmed, never whelmed properly...
What happened to the man who shoplifted a calendar on New Year's Eve? He got 12 months!
Grocery store flowers on Valentine's Day: show someone you care slightly more than not at all.
How did the chemist who failed the temperature test get? Absolute zero.
What do lawyers wear to court?  Lawsuits!
How did Ben Franklin feel about discovering electricity? He was shocked!
Only dead fish go with the flow.
26.8 percent of all statistics are made up on the spot.
Morning is the time when everyone is jealous of unemployed.
Several guys are sitting around having a drink and one guy says "My wife's an angel" another guy says "Your lucky, mines still alive."
Tomorrow: The best labor saving device of today.
It's uncomfortable when the neighbor's kids look like you.
Tomorrow is a big day for me at work. They are refilling the snack vending machine.
Only a widow can say exactly where her husband is.
What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick.
Have a girl that everyone else dreams about, but don't dream about a girl that everyone else has.
What do squirrels give for Valentine's Day? Forget-me-nuts. 
The less you love a woman, the faster your hand gets tired.
Some people think that their life experience compensates for their lack of brain.
You should have your navel pierced so that you can have a place to hang the air freshener.
1973: smoking in the boy's room. 2018: vaping in the gender-neutral restroom.
Why don't you do arithmetic in the jungle? Because if you add 4 + 4 you get ate!
Why was the baseball player a bad sport? He stole third base and then went home!
I love when I leave work early to surprise my wife at home and she greets me with those three very special words… "Were you fired?"
I had a job selling security alarms door to door and I was really good at it. If no one was home I would just leave a brochure on the kitchen table.
What do you call a magic dog? A Labracadabrador.
It was an emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.
Don't go through that door that mysteriously opened all by itself in that 300 year old hotel with a tragic past.
Text him again. He probably just forgot that he's in love with you.
Two cheese trucks ran into each other. De brie was everywhere.
If you're hotter than me, then that means I'm cooler than you.
What's the difference between a bird and a fly? A: A bird can fly, but a fly can't bird.
As soon as you lose the ability to control your digestive system, it's all over...
Where do you find a birthday present for a cat? In a cat-alogue!
You know what I did before I married? Anything I wanted to.
Hackers brought down my online business but I managed to keep the website address and that's domain thing.
I wonder if my first cat appreciates being at least slightly immortalized in my passwords.
You look like somebody stepped on a goldfish.
Life is tough enough without having someone kick you from the inside.
Stories of untold sufferring never stay that way.
Cults make perfect sense. Do you know how hard it is to make friends as an adult?
Sure, I may be slow, but I do lousy work.
The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which to burn.
Always give 100% at work: 12% Monday, 23% Tuesday, 40% Wednesday, 20% Thursday, 5% Friday.
How come you're responsible if you do your taxes in March, but I'm crazy when I do my trick-or-treating in September?
Did your parents keep the placenta and throw away the baby?
Diet Coke: Making people feel better about ordering two Big Macs and a large fry since 1982.
You're IQ's lower than your shoe size.
What do you do with a sick chemist? If you can't helium then you curium and you barium.
Salary is like a period – you wait for it a whole month and it ends in a week.
I'll clean my house when the last kid has moved out.
Why is it called tourist season if we can't shoot them?
Too many freaks, not enough circuses.
When men say "I'm fine" they actually mean it. 

Weirdos.
You have the right to remain silent because whatever you say will probably be stupid anyway.
This isn't working out. I think we should start making other people miserable.
What did the chocolate syrup say to the ice cream? "I'm sweet on you!" 
He always finds himself lost in thought; it's unfamiliar territory.
I bought my son a fridge for Christmas. – I can't wait to see his face light up when he opens it.
Autocorrect just changed "I have so much anxiety I can barely breathe" to "I'm fine."
As I watched the dog chasing his tail I thought "Dogs are easily amused", then I realized I was watching the dog chasing his tail.
Having teenagers is just paying for a bunch of dates that you don't get to go on.
"What else can we think about?"
- Insomnia
Why do I keep paying the bills? It just encourages them to send more.
I once worked as a salesman and was very independent; I took orders from no one.
I'll be doing a book signing today at Barnes & Noble from 2pm until they kick me out for writing in random books.
If we get rid of all the margarine the world will be a butter place.
You're just jealous because the voices are talking to me.
5-year plan? I haven't even planned this sentence volcano.
Your secrets are safe with me because I literally won't remember them. This also applies to your birthday. Your birthdays are safe with me.
I'm starting to think cyber security is at the same level as mall security
Whoever invented knock knock jokes should get a no bell prize.
What's the best part about Valentine's Day? The day after when all the chocolate goes on sale.
You are not even beneath my contempt.
You're more special than relativity.
Sorry, my dog ate your text message.
I am probably single....because i didnt forward those chain messages in 2008
He who laughs last thinks slowest.
 Why did the snowman smile? Because the snowblower is coming.
Only after getting married you realise that those husband-wife jokes were not just jokes.
I bet the worst part about being a birthday cake is when you're set on fire, and then eaten by the hero that saved you.
A woman worries about the future until she gets a husband. A man never worries about the future until he gets a wife.
I used to work at a company called 69, my friend took over my position.
If it ain't broke, I haven't borrowed it yet.
Q:  Why do manly ghosts have so much trouble dating?
A:  Women can see right through them!
The five most essential words for a healthy, vital relationship "I apologize" and "You are right."
Squirrels always act like it's their first day of being a squirrel.
How did Metallica get people to stop pirating their music? They stopped releasing anything worth listening to.
Love is blind, only marriage opens your eyes.
I love every bone in your body, especially mine.
However lonely you feel, you're never alone. There are literally millions of bugs, mites and bacteria living in your house. Goodnight.
What food diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90%? Wedding Cake!
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? Breasts don't have eyes.
What do you instantly know about a well-dressed man? His wife is good at picking out clothes.
I have all the money I'll ever need – if I die by 4:00 p.m. today.
If people could read my mind, I'd get punched in the face a lot.
What do lawyers and sperm have in common? One in 3,000,000 has a chance of becoming human.
What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob if we don't get support people are going to think we're nuts.
What did Bacon say to Tomato? Lettuce get together!
They used to time me with a stopwatch... now they use a calendar.
Where did the spaghetti and the sauce go dancing? The meatball!
Why can't the bank keep a secret? It has too many tellers!
Throws salad into a garden: "Go home boy... you're free now."
Did you hear about the blind prostitute? Well, you got to hand it to her.
Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
My mum bought me a book on procrastination at the start of high school. I haven't opened it yet.
I'm barely 5.3'. It's all your fault if you had high expectations.
My teacher was talking about excuses and told me to not tell her that my homework grew legs and flew away.
Signwriters have their work cut out, don't they?
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
My wife and I have reached the difficult decision that we do not want children. If anybody does, please just send me your contact details and we can drop them off.
Dear alma mater, please don't send wealth management workshop invites to those of us who majored in creative writing.
Oops. My brain just hit a bad sector.
A friend is someone who will help you move. A GOOD friend is someone who will help you move a dead body.
The consumption of alcohol is a major factor in dancing like a retard. 
The easiest job in the world has to be coroner. Surgery on dead people. What's the worst thing that could happen? If everything went wrong, maybe you'd get a pulse.
Upgrade your weekend: Take Monday Off...
If Wal-Mart is lowering prices every day, why isn't anything in the store is free yet?
If I get interviewed by a police sketch artists, my only goal will be to see how far I get before he realizes I'm making him draw a pirate.
I'm glad he's single because I'm going to climb that like a tree.
What's the difference between a bitch and a whore? A whore sleeps with everybody at the party, and a bitch sleeps with everybody at the party except you.
You can tell you ate too much for Thanksgiving when you have to let your bathrobe out.
I hate school and got caught skipping the other day. My principal said, "Walk normal next time, you fruitcake."
Why don't we wait for life on other planets to find us? Why do we have to do all the work?
Spreading rumors? At least you're spreading something else besides your legs.
Every time I find the meaning of life, they change it.
Heard about the pilot who decided to cook whilst flying? It was a recipe for disaster.
If your left leg was thanksgiving, and your right leg is Christmas, can I come visit you between the holidays?
Why did the blonde bring a ladder to the bar? - Because she heard the drinks were on the house.
This may sound arrogant but I think I could make a better Periodic Table.
My mind is like a steel trap. Rusty and illegal in 37 states.
The knack of flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
A committee is twelve men doing the work of one.
People say I'm condescending. That means I talk down to people.
Got a case for my iPhone even though the screen is already cracked. So basically it's like putting a condom on my kid's head.
I worked myself up from nothing to a state of extreme poverty.
I turned on the light to wake up my kids. My 2-year-old turned it off and went back to bed. She used to be the family alarm clock. Now she's the snooze button.
Just had a date with a woman who welds for a living and oh my, were the sparks flying.
The difference between in-laws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted.
Being in a relationship is like riding a bike, but the bike is on fire and everything around you is on fire because you're in hell.
Why was there thunder and lightning in the lab? The scientists were brainstorming!
What did Zelda tell Link when he couldn't open the door? TRIFORCE!
Barking dog at the back door wanting in and your wife's yelling at the front wanting in. Which one do you let in? The dog, once he's in, he shuts up!
Do you know what it means to come home to a man who'll give you a little love, a little affection, a little tenderness? It means you're in the wrong house.
He's not dead; he's electroencephalographically challenged.
"Raccoons"? Oh, you mean garbage pandas?
What's the scariest thing about a white man in prison? You know that he actually did it.
Scientists proved that cows don't give us meat and milk. We just take it from them!
I'm attracted to you so strongly, scientists will have to develop a fifth fundamental force.
How did the soggy Easter Bunny dry himself? With a hare dryer!
I always wanted to learn to procrastinate... just never got around to it.
Teacher: "What is the value of Pi?"
Student: "Depending on what pie. Usually is $12.99."
Why did the Mexican take Xanax? For Hispanic attacks.
Everybody repeat after me: "We are all individuals."
I tried to get back to the drawing board but I can't draw.
I'm stuck somewhere between playing my cards right & not playing with a full deck.
If by free spirits you mean an open bar, then yes I love free spirits.
Friends are forever. Until they get in a relationship.
My mother-in-law fell down a wishing well, I was amazed, I never knew they worked.
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
How does a woman show she's planning for the future? Plastic Surgery.
What do you call a man who expects to have sex on the second date? Slow.
We have all heard that a million monkeys banging on a million typewriters will eventually reproduce the entire works of Shakespeare. Now, thanks to the Internet, we know this is not true.
Are your parents siblings?
The difference between true love and dinosaurs: We're sure that dinosaurs once existed on this earth.
You must be a magnetic monopole because all I get from you is attraction.
Live every day like it was the last day, and one day you won't miss.
I childproofed the house… but they still get in!
The best part of being married on Valentine's Day is having all your expectations fulfilled. Because you have no expectations.
I don't care what you think you're good at, there's a 7-year-old kid on YouTube doing it better.
I need to stop drinking so much milk. It's an udder disgrace.
I used to do magic in a Chinese restaurant only problem is an hour later everyone wanted to see it again!
What's the difference between a guitar and a fish? You can't tuna fish!
My mother in law has a massive case of diarrhea. She won't find out until she gets home and unpacks her luggage...
Are you a detective? I have some undercover work for you.
Dear men, if you stopped seeing your wife as a woman, it doesn't mean that all men are blind.
What did the light bulb say to the switch? "You turn me on."
The next time you have company, serve them a bowl of shelled peanuts. After they've eaten a few handfuls, casually mention that you've never liked peanuts, but you love to suck the chocolate off of them.
Nobody is interested in your sorrow, unless you can make a joke or a poem out of it.
When I first started dating my wife she asked me what some of my dreams were. I told her one was about a T-Rex who didn't get a job because he couldn't tie a tie. She meant goals
Materialism: buying things we don't need with money we don't have to impress people that don't matter.
For years, I struggled with dyslexia. Mostly because I was spelling it wrong.
Want to get noticed? Go jogging without moving your arms.
"Your finest Scotch, please." 
"Yes, sir," the guy at Staples says as he hands me a 12 year old roll of tape.
Why can't you play Uno with a Mexican? They steal all the green cards.
What's the difference between eggs and yourself? Eggs get laid and you don't.
Your forehead is so big you donated it to charity for shelter!
My best toys run on batteries
Cats are a great pet if you've ever wanted convenient access to a friend that hurts your feelings.
Why don't men have mid-life crises? They stay stuck in adolescence. 
Like a flat tire.......how I'm rolling this morning.
If you can stay calm while all around you is chaos, then you probably haven't completely understood the situation.
Sex appeal is 50% what you've got and 50% what people think you've got.
Age is important only if you're cheese and wine.
What is a lacrosse players favorite type of car? A dodge!
How do you embarrass an archeologist? Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.
"You can't sleep either?" Says a voice from under your bed.
The most dangerous room in the house really depends on where your wife is at the moment.
It's okay Microsoft Excel even my love life is not responding.
Love is a matter of chemistry, sex is a matter of physics.
Dads are like boomerangs... I hope.
Its girls like u that cause global warming!
What is long and black? The que at KFC.
Love may be blind, but marriage is a real eye-opener.
When you try to prove to someone that something doesn't work, it will.
Men swear they know everything until you ask them who is she.
My five year plan? I don't even have a five minute plan.
Mostly men lie before the elections, sex and after fishing.
Why does it take 100 million sperms to fertilize one egg? Because they won't stop to ask directions.
Stephen Hawking says we've got about 1,000 years to find a new place to live. That isn't even enough time for my girlfriend to pack.
What did Stephen Hawking say when his computer crashed? Nothing.
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment.
Tell me again how I unloaded the dishwasher too loudly when you were watching golf. Detectives will want to know exactly how this went down.
I'm not being rude, you're just insignificant.
What's the difference between a tire and 365 used rubbers? One is a Goodyear and the other is a great year.
I never loved you any more than I do, right this second. And I'll never love you any less than I do, right this second.
The Invisible Man can fart and pretend that he is not to blame.
Fat Penguin. Excuse me?! I just wanted to say something that breaks the ice...
Marriage is full of surprises but it's mostly just asking each other "do you have to do that right now?"
It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world everyday always just exactly fits the newspaper.
What has four legs but can't walk? A chair.
What did the blanket say to the bed? Don't worry Ive got you covered!
Sorry I didn't text you back, but my phone recognized your number.
*wife walks in to see the boys have built a chair fort* Wife: PUT THOSE CHAIRS BACK! Me *climbing out of fort* YOU HEARD YOUR MOTHER!
I met my soulmate. She didn't.
Marriage is like coffee. First it's really hot. Then it's just right. Then it helps you to get off your ass and do things.
All I'm saying is why blame it on being lazy when you can blame it on being old?
Men don't realize that if we're sleeping with them on the first date, we're probably not interested in seeing them again either.
You're so short when you smoke weed you don't get high.
Why is Kevin Spacey so bad at Hide and Seek? He comes out at the wrong time.
Waitress: 'Do u have any questions about the menu?' Me: 'What kind of font is this?'
The light at the end of the tunnel – are the front lights of a train.
A magician turned his testicles into two chicken.
"Were any famous men born on your birthday?" "No, only little babies." 
I'm as bored as a slut on her period.
FRIDAY is my second favorite F word.
If at first you don't succeed: try management.
Why did the Investigator question the flat iron? To straighten things out.
I like using misdirection in my jokes, or do I?
Why do we call "#" a hashtag and not pound? Because feminists wouldn't appreciate the PoundMeToo movement.
May all your troubles last as long as your New Years resolutions?
Introverts have fun too, we just don't care if you know...
The hardest part of getting a girls phone number is working up the courage to go through her trash and get it.
I had amnesia once - maybe twice.
The bartender says "we don't serve time travelers in here". A time traveler walks into a bar.
A cop accidentally arrested a judge who was dressed like a convict for a costume party. He learned to never book a judge by their cover.
A psychiatrist asks a lot of expensive questions which your wife asks for nothing.
Damn girl, are you a newspaper? Because there's a new issue with you every fucking day.
You don't notice the air, until someone spoils it.
Oh... I didn't tell you... Then It must be none of your business...
I am known at the gym as the "before picture."
Rap videos are completely unrealistic. Nobody has that many friends.
When we were together, you always said you'd die for me. Now that we've broke up, I think it's time you kept your promise!
Men are like Bluetooth. When they're close they're connected, when they move further they start looking for new equipment.
What do you call a gay scientist? A homo-geneous.
It's not often that one gets the opportunity to speak about someone intelligent, respected and admired. Unfortunately tonight I have to talk about (NAME).
All I ask is a chance to prove money can't make me happy. 
Marriage is all about compromise. For example, today I agreed to never sit in certain chairs in exchange for one chair I can sleep in.
Sex operator: "Mmmm tell me what you're wearing."
Eskimo: "Everything I own basically."
Success is something that always comes faster to the man your wife almost married.
Me: Real women don't care about romantic clichés. My internal voice: Please buy me flowers, please buy me flowers, please buy me flowers.
Dear Week, I'm so over you. I'm leaving you for your best friend, Weekend. Don't try to find us for at least 2 days.
Even if it wasn't cursed, a monkey paw is a terrible gift.
2+2=5 for extremely large values of 2.
When is a retiree's bedtime? Three hours after he falls asleep on the couch.
Marriage is like a deck of cards. In the beginning all you need is two hearts and a diamond. By the end, you wish you had a club and a spade.
Don't join the new TESCO dating service, my mate did and he ended up with a bag for life.
I'm not sure if this woman in the Starbucks line ahead of me is ordering a drink or casting a spell.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, a house doesn't jump at all.
How many retirees to change a light bulb? Only one, but it might take all day.
The kiss is a wordless articulation of desire whose object lies in the future, and somewhat to the south.
Was your ass forged by Sauron because it is precious!
Even people who are good for nothing can bring smile on your face, when pushed down the stairs...
Why did the Easter egg hide? Because he was a little chicken!
I've only been wrong once, and that's when I thought I was wrong.
There is no point of running away form a sniper. You will die from exhaustion.
I get plenty of exercise - jumping to conclusions, pushing my luck, and dodging deadlines.
Impotence: Nature's way of saying "No hard feelings".
How do you make a pool table laugh? You reach into its pockets and tickle its balls.
My foot isn't the only part of me that's lucky
Why are all angels white? Cause if they were black they'd be call bats!
Marriage is mostly misreading facial expressions and asking each other, "You ok?"
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is he homeless or naked?
Men live better than women. First of all, they get married later and secondly, they die earlier.
Thanks once again to autocorrect, my sister's kids are expecting the Easter Rabbi tomorrow.
Why was Cinderella banned from playing sports? Because she always ran away from the ball.
Work is for people who don't know how to fish.
To the women who say "Men are only interested in one thing." Have you ever considered being more interesting?
How is being at a singles bar different from going to the circus? At the circus, the clowns don't talk.
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
Consciousness: That annoying time between naps.
He's a few clowns short of a circus. 
My boss just said to me "You've been late five days this week... Do you know what that means?" I certainly do - it's FRIDAY!
What do you call a Camel with 3 humps? Pregnant!
How do you get a man to stop biting his nails? Make him wear shoes.
There are 2 times when a man doesn't understand a woman - before marriage and after marriage.
Shin: A device for finding furniture in the dark.
Why are pigs so bad at soccer?  They are always hogging the ball!
Chinese takeaway - £27.50. Petrol to get there - £3.25. Getting home then realizing they didn't give you one of the containers - riceless...
How do we not know what women want yet? There are tons of conflicting lists all over the internet.
I want you more then a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking. 
In accordance to the Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle of Quantum Mechanics, we may already be in love right now.
What kind of cookies make you rich? Fortune cookies!
Since there is only one of me, does that make me limited edition?
What does a disappointed mama turkey tell her kids? If your father were to see you now, he would be turning over in his gravy!
Why is a man's pee yellow, and his sperm white? So he can tell if he's coming or going.
Never argue with a woman when she's tired...or when she's rested.
Hallmark Card: "I'm so miserable without you, it's almost like you're still here."
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say will be misquoted then used against you.
Till now my life was a mystery now I am going to make it a history.
How is a man like the weather? Nothing can be done to change either one of them.
A women's work that is never done is the stuff that she asked her husband to do.
Donald Trump wants to ban the sale of pre-shredded cheese. – He wants to make America grate again.
They keep saying the right person will come along, I think mine got hit by a truck.
The key to every relationship is honesty. Honesty. Honesty. Honesty. Honesty. ...Gonna keep typing this until she stops looking over my shoulder.
If someone is spitting behind you, it means you're in front.
If I've learned anything in life, it's that not enough people are at a loss for words.
If your dog is barking at the back door and your wife is yelling at the front door, who do you let in first? The dog, of course. He'll shut up once you let him in.
During sex, my girlfriend always wants to talk to me. Just the other night she called me from a hotel.
I always cry at weddings, especially my own.
Why do men like masturbation? It's sex with someone they love.
What kind of motorbike does Santa ride? A Holly Davidson!
Why is divorce so expensive? Because it's worth it!
I took a viagra the other day. It got caught in my throat and all I ended up with was a stiff neck.
Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.
I tried phone sex once, but the holes were too small.
What's "68"? You do me and I owe you one.
What do you call it when two transgender midgets have sex? Micro trans-action.
Scooters are for men who want to ride motorcycles, but prefer to feel the wind on their vaginas.
How did Burger King get Dairy Queen Pregnant? He forgot to wrap his whopper!
I love my motorcycle - it's great for getting to the front of queues quicker. It does always terrify the other people in the post office though.
How do we know the earth isn't flat? If it were flat, cats would have already pushed everything off of it.
You can never lose a homing pigeon - if your homing pigeon doesn't come back, what you've lost is a pigeon.
Diplomacy is the art of letting someone else get your way.
Pay no attention to the elephant in the room: it's ir-elephant.
What do you call the soft tissue between a shark's teeth? A slow swimmer.
What race is never run? A swimming race.
You're 10 times more likely to die when your girlfriend says, "I'm fine" than when you are flying on an airplane.
Never give yourself a haircut after three margaritas.
I wish you were a door so I could slam you all day long. 
Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other never forgets them.
Because of the disregard towards safety techniques people not only die but are also born.
Who is the most popular guy at the nudist colony? The guy who can carry a cup of coffee in each hand and a dozen donuts.
It's good to learn from other's mistakes, I wish people learn something from me.
It's so cold outside, I actually saw a gangster pull his pants up.
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
She said she was approaching forty, and I couldn't help wondering from what direction.
Why do they say that eating yogurt and oysters will improve your sex life? Because if you'll eat that stuff, you'll eat anything.
Why did Eve bite the forbidden apple? Because it tasted better than Adam's banana. 

I wanted to thank you personally for the like. That's why I'm in your house.
You are so dimwitted even the blackhole night sky looks brighter than you.
The first 5 days after the weekend are the hardest.
Why do shepherds never learn to count? Because if they did they would always be falling asleep.
I wish the girls who rejected me in high school could see how many Pokémon I've caught.
I've never enjoyed my surprise birthday parties because all I can think about is how good my friends are at lying to my face.
I was so sad and crying when I lost my playstation 3 but unfortunately, there was nobody to console me!
Are you the energizer bunny cause you just keep going and going through my mind.
I'd love to go out with you, but my favorite commercial is on TV.
I never forget my son's first words... "Where the heck have you been for 16 years?"
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat.
I thought I was just really tired but it's been 5 years so I guess this is how I look now.
My pencil is gone. It's pointless though.
Imagine that you are in the forest where there is a tiger in front of you right about to eat you. What do you do? U stop imagining...
Who earns a living driving their customers away? A taxi driver!
Just called to make an appointment with a psychic but she told me that I don't show up.
Credit cards are VERY dangerous. Every time I try to use one somebody starts chasing me with scissors.
My Mom has been smelling something burning since 1983.
This isn't an office. It's hell with fluorescent lighting.
A memorandum is written not to inform the reader, but to protect the writer.
The ideal man doesn't smoke, doesn't drink, doesn't do drugs, doesn't swear, doesn't get angry, doesn't exist.
If you jingle my bells ill promise you a white Christmas.
Strangers have the best candy.
I don't care how old I am, I will see Finding Dory.
Why is a tennis game a noisy game? Because each player raises a racket.
Me: "Remember when I rubbed you out?" Genie: "Don't say it like that..."
Kids, stay in school and get a good degree so you can spend 40% of your life on conference calls.
If you have worked and didn't get anything, it means someone else got it.
If you're looking for the best time to spill things on yourself, might I suggest wearing a white shirt and right before an interview.
The story was really great. That's why I was closing my eyes the whole time trying to imagine it.
I saw a chameleon today so I guess it was a pretty shitty chameleon.
I love you just the way you are. Though I do have a few suggestions.
I just want to be rich enough to threaten to cut people out of my will.
I'm aging like a fine banana.
Burglar gently waking me... "you live like this?"
There's a fine line between cuddling and holding someone down so they can't get away.
Life is a comedy for those who think, but a tragedy for those who feel.
Don't underestimate me, that's my mother's job.
Not to brag, but my antics at work resulted in several items being added to the employee manual.
My doctor told me you 'll be alive only for 24 hours! When I wanted to leave him he told me: "Excuse me I had forgotten to tell you that yesterday."
What was the barristas favourite part about being arrested? The mug shots.
Why is air a lot like sex? Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
Dyslexic, you say? How do you spell that?
Q: what did one lumber jack say to another lumber jack? A: "I need to axe you a question."
Where do you get virgin wool from? Ugly sheep. 
Why is sleeping with a man like a soap opera? Just when it's getting interesting, they're finished until next time.
What do you call a fish with no eye? FSH
Why didn't the skeleton go to prom? Cause he had 'no body' to dance with.
Nothing spoils the target more than a hit.
Just remember ...if the world didn't suck, we'd all fall off.
Hello, you've reached 1-800-NARCISSIST, how can you help me?
Apparently, saying "Wow, you've grown since I last saw you" isn't deemed socially acceptable when said to adults.
Sports news report: The United... States that they Ghana win.
What do you call a black guy with a fan? Antique air conditioner.
Why did the girl wear glasses in math class? It improves di-vision.
One time somebody said if I was an element, I'd be copper. Then someone else told me I'm tellurium. Does that mean I'm CuTe?
A life in politics is full of parties.
Why was Cinderella such a bad field hockey player? Her coach was a pumpkin.
The sun is going to go out in 4 billion years, and you sit there and act like everything is fine.
How does a man show he's planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
Why is a baseball game a good place to go on a hot day? Because there are lots of fans.
You still use Internet Explorer? You must like it nice and slow.

I get it ladies, I had abs before I had kids too.
Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda pressing.
Hitting birds is illegal and you get a big fine, I learned this when I kicked a pelican... I ended up footing a massive bill.
Why is Valentine's Day the best day for a celebration? Because you can really party hearty! 
Although I have to repeat myself several times for my children to listen, I take great comfort knowing that one day nothing will annoy them more than me repeating myself.
Why did the broom get a poor grade in school? Because it was always sweeping during class!
All the people who had candy stolen from them as babies are now the adults buying girl scout cookies outside dispensaries.
What is the best way to communicate with a fish? Drop it a line!
What do you call the trousers of people who can't speak? Pant-O-Mimes!
Tennis would be way more exciting if they used dogs for ball boys.
Programming is like sex; one mistake and you have to support for a lifetime.
At every party there are two kinds of people: those who want to go home and those who don't. The trouble is, they are usually married to each other.
What kind of fish can't swim? A dead one.
If you cross an owl and a rooster, do you get a cock that stays up all night?
What did the duck say when he bought lipstick? "Put it on my bill."
People who say that their wedding day was the best day ever have obviously never had two Kit Kats fall out of a vending machine.
It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it.
Ever since I saw you in your family tree I've wanted to cut it down.
Class trip to the Coca-Cola factory today. I hope there's no pop quiz.
Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.
A clean house is a sign of a misspent life.
Virginity is like a soapbubble, one prick and it is gone.
Everything you do you're gonna regret. But if you do nothing – you will not only regret but will also suffer.
I carry a permanent marker just in case someone without a mustache falls asleep.
Laziness is when a person doesn't fake that he's working.
Two years ago I married a lovely young virgin, and if that doesn't change soon, I'm gonna divorce her.
The hardest part of any relationship is when it's not your turn to talk.
Should I have another baby after 35? No, 35 children are enough.
Men should be like coffee: strong, hot and not letting you sleep for the whole night. However, most of them are like copy machines: suitable only for reproduction.
What do you call a Spanish guy with a rubber toe? Roberto.
I often confuse reptiles and amphibians. Actually, if I'm being brutally honest, they pretty much never know what I'm talking about.
Nothing says' I love my dog' quite like spending more money on his haircut than you do your own.
You know, it's not the length of the vector that counts... it's how you apply the force.
What did one autumn leaf say to another? I'm falling for you.
What's a Jewish persons least favorite movie? Gone with the wind.
My ex used to hit me with stringed instruments. If only I had known about her history of violins.
I don't have an attitude; I have a personality you can't handle.
If she says, "I'm OK," you're fine. If she says, "I'm Fine," You're not OK.
The longer you sleep – the more sleep you need. The more you eat – the bigger is your appetite.
Want to meet up so I can excite your natural frequency?
Nothing says I love you like divorce papers.
Okay, who stopped the payment on my reality check?
If corn oil comes from corn, where does baby oil come from?
A wife is like a hand grenade. Take off the ring and say good bye to your house.
What would martin luther king be if he was white? Alive.
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
I truly hope there is a stairway to heaven because I have a fear of elevators...
What does a panda ghost eat? Bam-BOO!
Why are Fathers like parking spaces? The good ones are already taken!
Birthday: The anniversary of the day God slapped you on the butt and said, "Okay Kid, go get in the game. Play hard, play fair, and don't get too many penalty flags."
Why do soccer players do so well in math? They know how to use their heads!
If some people didn't tell you, you'd never know they'd been away on vacation.
Believe it or not, but when you're living alone a clean house is the sign of a broken computer.
An ad at the zoo: ‘Don't scare the ostriches! The floors are concrete!'
What is the only time a man thinks about a candlelight dinner? When the power goes off.
He: So then, what's your sign? She: Dollar. 
The best way to lie is to tell the truth, carefully edited truth.
Crime doesn't pay... does that mean that my job is a crime?
If you think patience is a virtue, try surfing the net on a 14.4k dial up connection.
Just trying to give my kids a few childhood memories they don't have to repress...
What is the most important thing to learn in chemistry?
Never lick the spoon.
I like to show my girlfriend who's boss in our house by holding a mirror up to her face.
I want to go to IKEA, hide in a wardrobe, wait for someone to open it and yell "WELCOME TO NARNIA".
Slept like a log last night... Woke up in the fireplace. 
What did the letter O said to letter Q? Put some pants on.
I'm trying to get on your good side, but I haven't found it yet.
Marriage isn't for everybody - men for instance!
Saying "super size it" at the drive-thru doesn't work when it's a pharmacy.
Where is the first tennis match mentioned in the Bible? When Joseph served in Pharaoh's court.
A girl has to get in bed before 8 p.m. so she can come home at 11.
A genius lives in every one of us. Each day more and more heavily…
I don't want you to feel like you can't express yourself, but I do want you to stop talking.
How do you get 30 drunk Canadians out of the pool? "Please get out of the pool."
What monster plays the most April Fool's jokes? Prankenstein!
Sex is a misdemeanor; the more I miss, the meaner I get!
Is Google male or female? Female, because it doesn't let you finish a sentence before making a suggestion.
Your momma is so mean... she has no standard deviation.
I could be a morning person. If morning started around noon.
Would you call an Italian hooker a pasta-tute?
Women are like swimming pools – they cost a great deal of money to maintain, considering the time you spend inside.
If there was someone selling drugs in this place, weed know.
Men read Playboy for the articles, women go to malls for the music.
We moved our treadmill outside so I can smoke.
If at first you don't succeed, blame someone else and seek counseling.
Whenever you get mad, just think of a t-rex trying to masturbate.
The only thing worse than seeing something done wrong is seeing it done slowly.
What is the hardest thing about being a man? His penis.
Why did the volleyball players go to the library for practice? The coach told them they'll be doing some reading today.
I think my coworkers are gay. – Every time I walk by, they mumble, "What an ass."
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
The sooner you fall behind the more time you'll have to catch up.
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.
What did the dog say when he rubbed sandpaper on his tail? Rough, rough!
What is a vampire's sweetheart called? His ghoul-friend. 
Eternally long a woman can be looking at 3 things in a supermarket. And then, bang! She buys 7 things!
The dogs bark but the caravan moves on.
You could very well be going to heaven but it won't be hell in hell without you!
I went to a peanut factory last week. It was nuts!
Umbridge? More like Umbitch.
You're so stupid you could count your balls all day long and never come up with the same number twice.
I like the way your medication thinks.
What do you call a woman who is paralyzed from the waist down? Married.
What is the difference between Mechanical Engineers and Civil Engineers? Mechanical Engineers build weapons, Civil Engineers build targets.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
Why do kissing scenes in nearly every show have to use the soundtrack from a toddler slurping jello off of a plastic plate?
The founders of Foursquare came up with the name of the company when using off-brand toilet paper.
My bed wasn't feeling well this morning, so I had to stay home to take care of it.
How can you tell which is the head nurse? The one with the dirty knees.
I never admit or deny anything it makes things more interesting.
don't regret doing things, regret getting caught
I don't worry about terrorism. I was married for two years.
Measure twice, cut five times, curse profusely, punch a wall, give up, call a professional.
What do crabs smoke? Seaweed.
Did you hear about the guy who choked on a pretzel? He was very salty.
Efficiency is a highly developed form of laziness.
A lot of people are afraid of heights. Not me, I'm afraid of widths.
By working faithfully eight hours a day you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve hours a day.
What kind of tan did pilgrims get to the beach? Puritan.
Why did the turkey play drums in his band? Because he already had drumsticks!
I will have enough money for the rest of my life. Of course, if I don't buy and eat anything.
I'm so introverted I won't even talk to myself.
Why did the octopus beat the shark in a fight? Because the octopus was well armed.
Science builds planes and skyscrapers, but faith brings them together.
I always arrive late at the office, but I make up for it by leaving early.
I tried water polo but my horse drowned.
Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math.
Birthdays are nature's way of telling us to eat more cake.
When a guy says he's fine what he really means is he's fine.
Turtles think frogs are homeless.
I got excited when my son joined the cross-country team. But then I learned they don't cross the country and are back home in a few hours.
April Fools' Day is like a huge open mic night in which millions of people go out of their way to demonstrate how unfunny they are.
What did the hurricane say to the palm tree? Better hold onto your nuts because this is no ordinary blowjob.
Two snowmen in a field, one turned to the other and said "I don't know about you but I can smell carrots!"
Yo mom is so dumb that she thought Dunkin' Donuts was a basketball team.
I once meet an honest, caring, politician that listened when I spoke and tried to help the country. Then I woke up.
I don't care how funny you are, if I don't like you, I won't laugh.
I'm Irish. You're not really speaking my language until you start yelling.
Einstein used science to get laid; that guy is a genius... I've been using money.
Do you raise chickens? Because you raise my cock.
You know your girlfriend's frigid if the lights go on when you open her legs.
Any skirt looks good on the back of the chair.
Remember: What dad really wants is a nap. Really.
Remember how when you were little you could just rip off your diaper and run around naked and everyone thought it was funny?
Ladies and gentlemen, if there's anybody here this afternoon who's feeling nervous, apprehensive and queasy at the thought of what lies ahead, it's probably because you have just got married to (NAME).
Drink coffee! Do stupid things faster with more energy!
Fuck me if I'm wrong, but isn't your name Cindrella?
"What's wrong with my computer?"
"It looks like your hard drive went soft."
My Girlfriend was walking in her sleep so I put a vacuum cleaner in her hand...
Where did the baseball keep its lemonade? In the pitcher!
I always give 110%. Oops. Left out the decimal point. I always give 1.10%.
I like to hold hands at the movies... which always seems to startle strangers.
I am now on three dating sites because you can never get enough rejection.
How do Chinese people name their kids? They throw pots and pans down the stairs.
I love being married. It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life. 
I'm ready to start a family, in the sense that I have enough chip clips for 6 people.
I wonder where my brother is, his lunch is getting all cold ... ... ... and eaten..
I'm looking at the serving size of Laughing Cow cheese and I see why the cow is laughing.
If a leper gives you the finger, do you have to give it back?
I rang up British Telecom, I said, "I want to report a nuisance caller", he said "Not you again". 
Life is too complicated in the morning.
Whoever coined the phrase "Quiet as a mouse" has never stepped on one.
A cat, by any other name, is still a sneaky little furball that barfs on the furniture.
Those that forget the pasta are doomed to reheat it.
He who hesitates is boss.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes.
What do you call it when worms take over the world? Global Worming!
What sexual position makes the stupidest babies? I don't know either, go ask your mama.
What's the best way to get a man to remember your anniversary? Get married on his birthday.
How many tennis players does it take to screw in a light bulb? "What do you mean it was out, it was in!"
Everyone has their own path, fortunately mine leads to the liquor store.
You're never too old to learn something stupid.
I hate cocaine dealers. Always sticking their business into other people's noses.
What do you call a girl standing in the middle of a tennis court? Annette.
What is the one thing that all men at singles bars have in common? They're married.
An idea came to the mind, and now she's searching for the brain.
I've agreed so much with my wife that my head just starts nodding at the sound of her voice.
What do you call a girl with an hourglass figure? A waist of time.
‘Darling, will you catch me if I jump into the water?' ‘Darling, if I say yes, will you jump?
Smaller babies may be delivered by storks but the heavier ones would need a crane!
What is the most dangerous thing in your freezer? Ice is.
Depression: A period during which we have to get along without the things our grandparents never dreamed of.
If you do not say it, they can't repeat it.
I mostly just scroll through Instagram as a reminder of what brands I said out loud yesterday.
To weigh 50 kilos and say that you're fat, that is so female…
Why is lettuce the most loving vegetable? Because it's all heart. 
Every morning before school mom would give me 8 quarters for lunch... and every evening I'd sit on the toilet trying to pass them.
The difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer is in the taste.
Sometimes late at night in bed, I wonder what life choices do I have to make to be the guy who says 'yeah' in the background of hip-hop songs.
According to a new survey, women say they feel more comfortable undressing in front of men than they do undressing in front of other women. They say that women are too judgmental, where, of course, men are just grateful.
What's the best thing to put into a pie? Your teeth!
May you never leave your marriage alive.
You know youre fifty when your chiropractor sends you birthday cards.
You're so poor I saw you kicking a can across the street I asked you what you were doing you said moving.
I need a new bank account. This one has run out of money.
According to the second law of thermodynamics, you're supposed to share your hotness with me.
Wanna get together and test the spring potential of my mattress?
The light at the end of the tunnel... might just be an incoming train.
I used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out.
What do single people call Valentine's Day? Happy Independence Day!
If you were a browser, you'd be called FireFoxy.
It's so cold that I have to take half a Viagra so I won't pee on my shoes.
He's so ugly he has to buy flowers for his own hand.
I cropped my kids out of my online dating profile photos. They can find their own dates.
Girls are like internet domain names... the ones I like are already taken.
You're fat. It's not because it runs in the family, you're fat because nobody runs in your family.
The only reason I've been going out with  this guy all summer is because I have no idea how to operate my gas grill.
It's strange that, despite all the warnings, I've never seen a tombstone that read: "Died from not forwarding that e-mail to 10 people."
If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary forms.
What do witches put on their hair? Scare spray!
I watched a really sad porn film the other day - it was a real tear-jerker.
Just tell me when and where and I'll be there 20 minutes late.
Monday is an awful way to spend 1/7th of your life.
It doesn't matter how much you work, there will always be an asshole that works less but gets more.
How many animals can jump higher than a skyscraper? All of them, skyscrapers can't jump.
How are tornadoes and marriage alike? They both begin with a lot of sucking and blowing, and in the end you lose your house.
Whats the difference between the Christmas alphabet and the ordinary alphabet? The Christmas alphabet has Noel.
Word of the day is Legs. Now go spread the word.
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
Why do women always ask questions that have no right answers?
An escalator can never break — it can only become stairs.
One day we shall wake up together: me and my money.
Black humor is like food, not everyone gets it.
The farther away the future is, the better it looks.
You know why there aren't any good science puns nowadays? Because all the good ones argon.
How good are you at powerpoint? I Excel at it!
PMS jokes aren't funny. Period.
Breaking: Man takes longer to find emoji than it would have taken him to find words that convey what he wanted.
If I make you breakfast in bed, a simple "thank you" is all I need. Not all this "how did you get in my house?!" business.
My son came home as I was taking his door off its hinges and asked: "Dad what are you doing?" I said, "We've updated our privacy policy."
Marriage is really tough because you have to deal with feelings... and lawyers.
I got called pretty yesterday and it felt good! Actually, the full sentence was "You're pretty annoying." but I'm choosing to focus on the positive.
When you choke a smurf, what color does it turn?
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator!
What did one pencil say to the other pencil? You're looking sharp!
Why do men like love at first sight? It saves them a lot of time.
What do you call a horse who expresses negative views? A Naysayer.
I am busy contemplating my future. Don't worry, this will only take a minute.
Do you know the difference between "fitting" and "proper"? It goes like this: I could shove my thumb up your butt right now, and it would probably fit... But it wouldn't be proper.
When plumbers sleep do they have pipe dreams?
I'm not crazy; I've just been in a bad mood for the last ten years.
No one is listening until you fart.
It was a bleak day when we heard about the explosion down at the animal shelter... It was raining cats and dogs!
Imagine saying hello to a dog in a normal conversational voice.
Recently I heard about a vampire that was so mathematically challenged that he couldn't count Dracula!
30 seconds left on the microwave. Women: set table, pour drinks, tweet, talk on the phone. Men: do the space shuttle countdown.
Friends are like boobs. Some big,some small. Some real, some fake.
Why did the cannibal break up with his girlfriend? She didn't suit his taste!
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
What idiot called it a vet instead of a dogtor?
Why do people litter? Because they dont take the litter signs litterally.
When you stop believing in Santa Claus is when you start getting clothes for Christmas!
I thought I understood the meaning of "When Pigs Fly" but then... the swine flu.
Definition of a teenager? God's punishment for enjoying sex. 
I have one of those unlimited cell phone plans. There's no limit to how much they can charge me.
I'm the flower, you're the bee. Why don't you suck the sweet pollen right out of me?
A donkey fell into a bowl of sugar. Now that's a sweet ass.
Who is never hungry at Christmas? The turkey - he's always stuffed!
Look to your left --------------> I said left you idiot!
What did the boy bird say to the girl bird on Valentine's Day? Let me call you Tweet heart!
Instead of getting married again, I'm going to find a woman I don't like and give her a house.
Everyone has the right to be stupid, but you are abusing the privilege!
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup? Anyone can roast beef.
Today is your birthday, so congratulate yourself, especially if you're still young enough to remember it.
I'd like to think inside your box.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I have 5 fingers, the 3rd ones for you.
I thought my son would like that I bought him a trampoline, but oh no, he just wants to sit and cry in his wheelchair.
How do you get holy water? Boil the hell out of it.
My "it's cold outside" post just went viral on Facebook.
It matters not whether you win or lose: what matters is whether I win or lose.
When I was young, I was afraid of the dark. Now when I get my electric bill, I am afraid of the light.
There is no I in Team, but there's always one big A... if you know what I mean.
Why do women rub their eyes when they get up in the morning? They don't have balls to scratch!
What did the shuttlecock say when it got hit? Who's making all the racquet?
Don't anybody move! I lost my brain somewhere here.
Women will drive miles out of their way to avoid the possibility of getting lost using a shortcut. 
Generally, all generalisations are false.
I used to think love() was abstract, until you implemented it in MyHeart.
In my spare time I like to read, write, and fall in love with unavailable people.
I finally found a diet plan that works. It's called 'The Cost of Food'.
Some people are like Slinkies ... not really good for anything, but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.
Insanity is defined as doing the same thing over and over again, expecting different results.
What's the best place to shop for a soccer shirt? New Jersey!
Why is it not good to play tennis in a court? Because you might get arrested.
If a wife is silent and not arguing – it means she's sleeping.
My favorite part of grocery shopping is rushing home to look at the shopping list on my counter to see what I forgot to buy.
There are hundred holes in in my wife's body; one of them is filled by my dick and the 99 others has been filled by money.
She's so fat, she fell down and rocked herself to sleep trying to get up!
Children: You spend the first 2 years of their life teaching them to walk and talk. Then you spend the next 16 years telling them to sit down and shut-up.
What do you call the saddest waterway in Russia? Crimea River.
Why did the lady sing lullabies to her purse? She wanted a sleeping bag!
My walk of shame is walking past the people I just said goodbye to because I went in the wrong direction and had to go back.
Boy: "Are you dead because it looks like you dropped from heaven."
Girl: "Yeah I died I long time ago, just like that line."
What does a cow say to bull? Are you always that horn-ny!
Marriage advice for dummies: Five worst things you can do

5 Abandon
4 Lie
3 Cheat
2 Abuse
1 Forget to start the dishwasher
Happy Birthday! You're now living proof of the old saying that "Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men."
I always wanted to marry Mrs. Right, but I didn't know her first name was "Always".
What dog can jump higher than a building? Anydog, buildings can't jump!
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands.
Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity.
Are my undies showing? ["No."] "Would you like them to?"
Arguing with a woman is like buying a lottery ticket. You know you're not gonna win, but you're sure as hell gonna try.
My New Years resolution is 1080p.
I hate girls that complain about being single every 3 minutes. 90% of my socks are single & you don't see them crying about it.
Why do black widow spiders kill their males after mating? To stop the snoring before it starts.
I always put in a full eight hours at work. Spread out over the course of the week.
When he proposed to her. She found it very engaging.
How are you related to the sun? Because your teeth are the same colour as it.
Don't piss me off! I'm running out of places to hide the bodies.
Statistics show that the average person has sex 89 times a year. Today is going to be a great day!
What is the difference between a clever midget and a venereal disease? One is a cunning runt, and the other is a running c*nt.
Why did the scarecrow win the competition? He was 'outstanding' in his field!
One head is ok, but a whole body is much better.
My midget friend got thrown out of the nudist colony because he kept getting in everyone's hair.
You are so poor when you saw the garbage truck pass you took a shopping list with.
What do you call a black man with red teeth? Knight rider.
I buy a lot of ringtones for someone who hasn't answered a phone call since 2008.
Q: When do you kick a midget in the balls?
A: When he is standing next to your girlfriend saying her hair smells nice.
How did two oceans or seas become friends? Because they kept waving at each other.
Here's to alcohol, the cause of – and solution to – all life's problems.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
Why are Scientology and Proctology alike? It's all a load of shit.
Discretion is being able to raise your eyebrow instead of your voice.
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
A man's idea of serious commitment is usually, "Oh alright, I'll stay the night."
If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
Is it weird that one nipple is bigger than my other two?
Stress is when you wake up screaming and you realize you haven't fallen asleep yet.
I tried to hang myself with a bungee chord. I kept almost dying
If a mute kid swears does his mother wash his hands with soap?
Maths and Girls are the most complicated things, but Maths at least has some logic.
Take an icecube to the bar, smash it and say: "Now that I've broken the ice, will you sleep with me?"
What is the best evidence that Microsoft has a monopoly? Santa Claus had to switch from Chimneys to Windows.
Your blow up date saw you naked, and self deflated.
What goes through towns, up hills, and down hills but never moves? The road!
What kind of flowers do you never give on Valentine's Day? Cauliflowers! 
Legends don't die... I am a living example!
What did the lacrosse stick say to the ball? "Catch ya later!"
Your future depends on your dreams. Don't waste any time, go to bed now.
Let's both be naughty this year and save Santa the trip.
My annual performance review says I lack "passion & intensity", guess management hasn't seen me alone with a Big Mac.
I run faster horny than you do scared.
What goes "oh oh oh"? Santa walking backwards.
How can you tell soap operas are fictional? In real life, men aren't affectionate out of bed. 
A warning shot into the head.
My voicemail message is just instructions on how to send a text message with brief pauses filled with heavy sighing.
My annoying little cousin keeps bragging about how he sleeps in a race car bed. Well, a joke's on you, you little shit. I sleep in a real car.
Where do sharks go on summer vacation? Finland!
My birth certificate was a letter of apology that my dad got from the condom company…
To the guy who invented the number zero: "Thanks for nothing".
According to my kids' Christmas lists, they think this parenting gig pays pretty well.
Parenting is easy once you learn the secret. For the love of god, please tell me the secret.
(NAME) is a terrific athlete. He recently ran the London Marathon – he was aiming for 3 hours but just missed it! he made it in 3 hrs 150 minutes
People who make you feel special are keepers.  Anyone with such good taste has to be admired.
‘A pedigree bulldog missing. Founders – rest in peace.'
Men are fun to argue with, because even IF they win... they lose.
I don't buy fat-free milk because I don't want to contribute to cows having body issues.
Why was it so hot in the stadium after the baseball game? All the fans left!
The seven ages of man: spills, drills, thrills, bills, ills, pills and wills.
I recently added squats to my workouts by moving the beer into the bottom shelf of the fridge.
Have you heard about the new supersensitive condoms? They hang around after the man leaves and talk to the woman.
You never have to worry about love at first sight if you steadfastly keep looking at your phone.
What book do you like the most? 
Woman: "My husband's checkbook."
One of the benefits of eating healthier is that you never have to ask questions like, "Who ate my salad?"
You must be a full moon, coz everytime you are around me, I turn into a beast.
Marrying a divorced man is ecologically responsible. In a world where there are more women than men, it pays to recycle.
I watched a documentary on LSD last night, it really changed my perception.
It is hard to understand how a cemetery raised its burial cost and blamed it on the cost of living.
Why shouldn't you make fun of a paleontologist? Because you will get Jurasskicked.
My dog and I both freak out whenever the doorbell rings but we run in opposite directions.
If something goes wrong at the office, blame the guy who can't speak English...
First word in the world - Huh?
I bet Egyptians were all like "Yo, nobody in history will ever worship and revere cats like we do" and then came the internet.
I sometimes go to my own little world, but that's okay, they know me there.
Why are there 5 syllables in the word "monosyllabic"?
Lets unzip our genes and see if we can share codes together.
Just because I don't care doesn't mean I don't understand.
I've learned that the people you care most about in life are taken from you too soon and all the less important ones just never go away.
A cat sauntered in and sat at the bar. "Tuna", ordered the cat. "Salad or sandwich?" Asked The bartender. "What do you think I am a human?"
The qualities that most attract a woman to a man are usually the same ones she can't stand years later.
Lite: the new way to spell "Light," now with 20% fewer letters!
Unless you're the lead dog, the view never changes.
Which of Santa's reindeers needs to mind his manners the most? "Rude"olph

Why doesn't Mexico have an Olympic team? Because everybody who can run, jump and swim are already in the U.S.
I hope whoever invented Cool Ranch Doritos got a Nobel Peace Prize.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
Constipated people don't give a crap.
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
When I go jogging, I listen to a portable CD player, so people think I've been running for 10 years.
19 and 20 got into a fight. 21.
Why do bachelors like smart women? Because they're so rare.
What do you call a dog with no legs? Doesn't matter what you call him, he's not coming.
Hey baby, if I supply the voltage and you some resistance, imagine the current we can make together.
Why do female skydivers wear jock straps? So they don't whistle on the way down.
I don't have an attitude problem. You have a perception problem.
I like kids, but I don't think I could eat a whole one.
I know how to feed a nation…but will she eat it?
Your clothes would look better accelerating towards the floor at 9.8 m/s
Q: What is the most reliable method to determine a baby's sex? 
A: Wait until it's born.
If you don't like my opinion of you – improve yourself!
Most men know that women dream of having two men at the same time. But they don't understand that in those fantasies one man is cleaning the house and the other one is cooking.
Age is just the number of hours I'm hungover for.
The device will work much better, if you turn it on.
If you keep your feet firmly on the ground, you'll have trouble putting on your pants.
Hard work has a future payoff. Laziness pays off now.
My wife installed a mirror over our bed. She said she likes to watch herself laugh.
I don't have a solution, but I do admire the problem.
How do you get a man with only one arm out of a tree? Wave.
What do I say if a Mexican walks by me and daddy? Say "Here are the tacos."
If someone notices you with an open zipper, answer proudly: professional habit.
Being in a nudist colony probably takes all the fun out of Halloween.
S.I.N.G.L.E...sexy! innocent! naughty! gorgeous! lustful! exciting!
Sometimes, when I'm cruising the city in a $200K vehicle, I lean back and think, "If the bus driver doesn't speed up I'll be late for work."
What do men and mascara have in common? They both run at the first sign of emotion.
If you get in the mood to do some work, someone will always wake you up.
Research shows that 90% of men don't know how to use condom, these people are called dads.
My ex-girlfriend told me nothing shocks her anymore so I switched her digital scale from Lbs to Kg.
Remember, it's not what you do... it's what you get away with.
Want to hear a pizza joke... nah, it's too cheesy. What about a construction joke? Oh never mind, I'm still working on that one. Did you hear the one about the rope? Skip it. Have you heard the one about the guy in the wheelchair? Never mind, it's too lame.
Wanna dance? I can really put your inertia in motion.
Dear Lord, there is a bug in your software...it's called #Monday, please fix it...
What kind of candy is never on time? ChocoLATE!
If you force sex on a prostitute is it rape or shoplifting?
I get queasy at the sight of my own blood, but I could paint a barn with yours.
Did you hear about the nearsighted porcupine? He fell in love with a pincushion! 
Be careful of your thoughts, they may become words at any moment.
If he asks what sort of books you're interested in, tell him check books.
A wife in big doses is poison, in small doses – medicine.
If the number 2 pencil is the most popular, why is it still number 2?
The real rich is the one who can enjoy from the cheapest things.
Never hypothetically ask yourself if the person in front of you can go any slower, because the answer is yes.
Why are badminton players so loud? Because they are always making a racket!
If mummies are from egypt, then where are daddies from?
Nice perfume. Must you marinate in it? 
Every 60 seconds in Africa, a minute passes.
It's gonna be ok.
Quickly, I must hurry, for there go my people and I am their leader.
If you can't convince them, confuse them.
I'm smiling. This should scare you.
I caught my neighborhood stealing my red food dye... When he was caught red handed he said "I'm gonna dye".
I asked my wife, "Where do you want to go for our anniversary?" She said, "Somewhere I have never been!" I told her, "How about the kitchen?"
In San Francisco, Halloween is redundant.
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with "Guess" on it ...so I said "Implants?"
A guy and a dog are siting at a bar. Dog says to guy, you think your wifes a bitch!
A sports bra implies the existence of an academic bra.
Why doesn't any man need more than one rooster?
A cock a dude'll do.
Millenials. Walking around like they rent the place.
I bought the smallest Fitbit they've got because I wanna get fit but just a little bit.
You need to carry women in your arms; they will climb on your back by themselves.
Best math book never written: "High School Math" by Cal Q. Luss
My brain boots up like a 10 year old PC that frequents gambling and adult websites.
I'm a humble person, really. I'm actually much greater than I think I am.
We are all part of the ultimate statistic – ten out of ten die.
Accidentally fell asleep smoking an e-cigarette and when I woke up my whole house was on the internet.
Not all men are annoying. Some are dead.
What is Mozart doing right now? Decomposing.
I broke up with my girlfriend at restaurant. She started crying. Everyone thought I proposed her so they started clapping.
Approach a woman in a bar and whisper "Hey, wanna get out of here?" If she says yes, you can sit where she was.
It's better to be the first lover than a third wife.
Lazy People Fact #5812672793. You were too lazy to read that number.
Virginity is not dignity, but lack of opportunity.
Hi, I'm a geologist - I was wondering if I could explore your natural resources...
If a woman has fallen – an idiot will walk by, a gentleman will help her to get up, but a real man will lie down with her.
My son just called guacamole "avocado spread" and now I feel like I've failed as a parent.
Q: What is a plumber's favorite food? A: A leek!
All women are sex objects. Whenever you ask them for sex, they'll object.
Preorder now! Though I have nothing for sale, it's always good to preorder.
No matter how long it takes you to make a time machine, you'll still have your whole life ahead of you.
At our family BBQ's my dad would serve us briquettes and say the marshmallows burned.
An asteroid 1,200 light years away has a 0.6% chance of colliding with the Earth, and you all just walking around like everything is fine.
How do crazy people go through the forest? They take the psycho path.
I hate reality. But where else can you get a good steak dinner?
Coldplay is like depression you can hear.
Women dream of world peace, a safe environment, and eliminating hunger. What do men dream of? Being stuck in an elevator with the Doublemint twins.
The other day I was singing in the shower, and I got soap in my mouth. Guess what happened then? It became a soap opera.
My idea of flirting is giving a girl 1 of my 10 tacos.
Why are men are like public toilets? The good ones are taken, the rest are full of shit.
Why is psychoanalysis a lot quicker for men than for women? When it's time to go back to his childhood, he's already there.
Well, just told the Starbucks barista my name is "No War in Syria". I know it's not much, but I hope it helps.
Nobody's perfect. I'm a nobody.
This morning my alarm went off, I thought it's sell-by date was tomorrow.
The best curve on a girl is her smile...  Naw just kiddin, look at dat ass.
If you can't beat the record, you can beat up its owner.
What's 6 foot long, vibrates and turns a small penis into a giant prick? A motorcycle.
My cat's dead, can I play with your pussy instead?
I should have known it would never work out between me and my ex-girlfriend - after all, I'm a Pisces and she's a bitch.
Did you hear about the dyslexic Satanist? He sold his soul to Santa.
Only an ass can be divided in half.
Avoid arguments about the toilet seat...use the sink...
What do you call a woman who knows where her husband is every night? A widow.
I don't find it hard to meet expenses. They're everywhere.
What does a condom and a husband have in common? They both got used and thrown out.
Music makes every day better, especially if you turn it up just loud enough to drown out all the people around you.
Where does a polar bear keep his money? In a snowbank!
Q: Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? 
A: In case he got a hole in one.
Did you know that Santa's not allowed to go down chimneys this year? It was declared unsafe by the Elf and Safety Commission.
If a dog was a computer, would its bark be bigger than its byte?
Where do ghosts play tennis? On a tennis corpse!
I should have known that my marriage was bound to be doomed when my wife choose to have her vows be read from the Necronomicom.
You know, they got a luggage store in the airport? A place to buy a piece of luggage? How late do you have to be for a flight where you're like, ‘Fuck it – just grab a pile of shit. We'll get a bag at the airport'.
Miss Anders... I didn't recognise you with your clothes on.
Is yur name Atilla cuz you can be my hun anytime!
If my body is a temple than eating pancakes is a form of prayer.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
That moment when you laugh so much about your friends joke you end up farting accidently.
Don't tell me I don't know the difference between right & wrong. Wrong is the fun one.
According to the principle of the sandwich, if you put butter on both sides the sandwich will hang in the air.
Since my girlfriend discovered out the eyeroll and tongue sticking emojis she doesn't have to type words anymore.
There's a reason it's called "girls gone wild" and not "women gone wild". When girls go wild, they show their tits. When women go wild, they kill men and drown their kids in a tub.
Treat Two-faced people like mushrooms. Keep them in the dark and feed them shit.
Haven't seen R. Kelly's sex tape? Well, urine for a surprise.
The value of money in a relationship: the 10 bucks that the wife and the tax inspection don't know about are worth more than the 100 that both know about.
I asked my friend a question while he was eating an orange, but all I got was a pithy response.
People are lot less judgy when you say you ate an 'avocado salad' instead of a bowl of guacamole.
I just got this sick job at the Calendar factory. Unfortunately, I still can't get a date.
When your only tool is a hammer, all problems start looking like nails.
I asked my wife if she enjoys a cigarette after sex and she said, "No, one drag is enough."
Why did Michael's grades drop after the holidays? Because everything was marked down!
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
You would never be able to live down to your reputation, but I see you're doing your best.
She said I wanna look bomb in the party. I said don't worry, we'll have a blast.
Instead of "Who's your daddy" I accidentally said, "How's your daddy" and we put our clothes back on and started discussing her dad's cholesterol.
My wife set a limit on how much we can spend on each other for Christmas. It's $100 on me and $500 on her.
Can a woman make you a Millionaire? Yes, if you're a Billionaire.
What fruit do you eat when you are sad? Blueberries.
I am not the kind of girl you can take home to your wife.
I dont care or think about the people in my past... there is some reason why they didn't make it to my future!
My colleague can no longer attend next weeks Innuendo Seminar so I have to fill her slot instead.
Friends wave red flags when you have a bad idea.  Real friends pick up a camera.
Screw me if I am wrong, but haven't we met before?
I'm like a bird... I shit on people's cars.
Women will never be equal to men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are sexy.
Bugs come in through open Windows.
I believe in loyalty. When a woman reaches an age she likes, she should stick with it.
Neil Armstrong's only regret while he was alive was that he forgot to take a selfie on the moon.
I took a course in speed waiting. Now I can wait an hour in only ten minutes.
Women may not hit harder, but they hit lower.
Cleavage: The best popcorn catcher.
A consensus means that everyone agrees to say collectively what no one believes individually.
We have a strange custom in our office. The food has names there. Yesterday for example I took a sandwich out of the fridge and its name was "Michael".
What would you get if you crossed a athlete and the Invisible Man?… Sports like no one has ever seen.
What's the definition of trust? Two Cannibals giving each other a blowjob!
Crap. Something is wrong with my cell phone. {Oh Really. What is that?} Its just that...your numbers not in it.
What's a horse's favorite sport? Stable Tennis.
Happy Mother's Day! Yes, it's today. How fast can you glue macaroni into a bracelet?
What's the difference between the Chinese and racism? Racism has many faces.
Muy Picante: What does a nosey pepper do? Gets jalapeño business!
I fell in love at first sight. I should have looked twice.
We are all time travelers moving at the speed of exactly 60 minutes per hour.
Do you wanna play lion tamer? she asks: "What is that?" you say: It's when you get on all fours and I put my head in your mouth.
Judging by the size of these chicken fingers, the chicken was somewhere between 8' to 11' tall.
When I told my family I wanted to do stand-up comedy all they did was laughing.
What did the little mountain say to the big mountain? Hi Cliff!
Why do women pay more attention to their appearance than improving their minds? Because most men are stupid, but few are blind.
How can you tell if a man is happy? Who Cares?
You're so fat that the only way you can fit your whole body into a photo is to use panorama.
You're so fat that Trump, won't need to build a wall anymore, he can just call you to stand at the border.
Q: What did the Dorito say to the other Dorito. 
A: I can't tell you it was to cheesy.
Your hairline is like Pluto, unreachable.
Why do bananas have to put on sunscreen before they go to the beach? Because they might peel!
You have two choices in life: You can stay single and be miserable, or get married and wish you were dead.
The worst thing about having a ghost in your house is the douchey ghost hunters.
I figure I might need a new kidney in 30 years, so I've decided to have a kid.
Why is a bra singular and panties plural?
Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why several of us died of tuberculosis.
What is it when a woman talks dirty to a man? $3.99 a minute.
I work in a library. Literally, all we do is judge books by their covers.
A liberal is a conservative who's been arrested. A conservative is a liberal who's been mugged.
You cannot play with me unless you blow me. -Balloon
Scientists created a six-legged turkey for families who fight over the drumsticks. But the turkeys escaped, and no one can catch them.
Why should you wary of stairs? Because they are always up to something.
Condoms? Hah! Those are for pussies!
People say money is not the key to happiness, but I always figured if you had enough money, you can have a key made.
My wife had me take out more life insurance and now there's no grip left on the bath mat. Weird.
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to catch and mount back home
Wife renewed me for another season.
I've snagged so many catfish on dating sites, I'm now a licensed fisherman.
A man got hit in the head with a can of Coke, but he was alright because it was a soft drink.
I used to date a girl that reported the weather. We had a very stormy relationship.
"Give it to me! Give it to me!" she yelled, "I'm so wet, give it to me now!" She could scream all she wanted to. I was keeping the umbrella.
What kind of car does Jesus drive? A Christler.
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? Because it might crack up!
Why are frogs so happy? They eat whatever bugs them!
79% of U.S. paper money is contaminated with traces of cocaine.
I would count my blessings on Thanksgiving, but my relatives outnumber them.
Happy birthday, Bono. I wanted to get you the perfect present, but I still haven't found what I'm looking for.
My friends laughed at me when I told them I had a hot date and they said she was imaginary. Well the jokes on them – they're imaginary too.
This is not what adulthood looked like in the brochure.
How do men exercise on the beach? By sucking in their stomachs every time they see a bikini.
I'm never smoking weed with immigrants again. I asked "Anyone have any papers?" and they all ran like fuck.
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? They're trying not to attract any more undue blame then they already have.
Like arguing with a forest fire.
There's a pigeon walking up the driveway. I don't care what he wants. I'm not answering the door.
Why do nursing homes give Viagra to the old men every night? It keeps them from rolling out of bed!
What do you call a deaf gynecologist? A lip reader.
What do you call a gay Ginger? Flaming.
Did you fall from heaven? Cause your face is pretty messed up!
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
Doggies just call it style.
Insects puns bug me.
Sorry I'm late. I was trying to think of ways to get out of this.
Feeling stressed out? Make a nice cup of hot tea and then spill it in the lap of whoever's bugging you.
Why do men need instant replay on TV sports? Because after 30 seconds they forget what happened.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
I was polite today. I said please. Well actually, I said "bitch please"... But whatever.
What is better than a cold Bud? A warm bush.
Why are cats, bad storytellers? Because they only have one tale.
Why won't women make good Carpenters? Because men have been saying this much is a foot for years.
Relationship status: Autocorrect changes my girl to my grill.
Sometimes God sends one of your EX back in life just to check if you are still stupid.
WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may cause you to think you can sing.
If The Weekend canceled his tour, would it be next Weekend, the Weekend after next or three Weekends from this Saturday?
Wow, that was embarrassing. I opened my fridge and saw my salad dressing.
I got fired from my job as a chef for stealing kitchen equipment. It's a whisk I was willing to take.
Why did the robot go on summer vacation? He needed to recharge his batteries.
If Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are in a boat and it capsizes. Who survives? America.
Can you say three two-letter words that mean small? Is it in?
I was going to my friend's place but accidentally walked into the wrong house. Turns out it was an orgy. Didn't see that cumming!
Sit down, give your mind a rest - it obviously needs it.
When we were young, we would compare liquor and women. Now we compare statins.
I've never understood how the Nazis couldn't find where Anne Frank was hiding. I've been to Amsterdam... There are signs pointing to her house everywhere.
(NAME) spent most of his university days single But it was by choice. Woman chose not to date him.
I don't know why people troll about China. Last year I bought a watch made in China it still shows me correct time when I bought it.
What do ghosts read? Booooks!
I think, therefore I'm single.
I recently read that love is entirely a matter of chemistry. That must be why my wife treats me like toxic waste.
A woman is like a shadow: when you walk from behind she runs away. When you run from her – follows you behind.
What do you call an Amish guy with his hand up a horse's ass? A mechanic!
I may not be the best-looking guy in here, but I'm the only one talking to you.
What do you call a frog stuck in mud? Unhoppy.
I hate two-faced people. It's so hard to decide which face to slap first.
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
How do you stop a fish from smelling? Cut its nose off.
Why don't women blink during foreplay? They don't have time.
If I ever find out the name of the surgeon that screwed up my limb transplant, I'll kill him... with my bear hands.
What should you do if you see your ex-husband rolling around in pain on the ground? Shoot him again.
What do you call six weeks of rain in Scotland? Summer!
What did the Star Wars fan ask to the car dealer? "Can I buy the Rogue one please?"
If another woman steals your man, there's no better revenge than to let her keep him. Real men can't be stolen.
What is an alien's favorite candy? A Mars bar!
Some species of frog can jump higher than a 3-story office building. It's because of their immensely powerful hind legs, and the fact that office buildings cannot jump.
Why do people keep running over a string a dozen times with their vacuum cleaner, then reach down, pick it up, examine it, then put it down to give their vacuum one more chance?
How do you start a black parade? Roll a 40 down the street.
I'm trying to imagine you with a personality.
The Best way to get back on your feet is to miss a couple of car payments!
Without ME, it's just AWESO.
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
Best goal keepers are women ; they never let any ball enters
Rap is to music as Etch-A-Sketch is to art.
I'm so angry right now that I could strategically throw my phone at a safe spot on the couch.
Save the whales. Collect the whole set.
What do men and women have in common? They both distrust men.
Me (at work): "I think I'm having a heart attack."
My boss: "Do that on your own time!"
If someone ever intimidates you, remember that they're 70% water. Are you scared of water? Well you should be. 400,000 people drown per year.
I asked my pilot if he'd be okay having sex with me on our flight. He replied, "I don't give a flying fuck."
If a stranger offers you a piece of candy...take two.
There are two types of people in this world: Those who can extrapolate from incomplete data.
If I wanted to get trapped in a scary maze, I'd just go into my kid's bedroom.
I woke up this morning and forgot which side the sun rises from, then it dawned on me.
Photography tips: 
1. Stop aiming the camera at yourself
I can't jump over a cow, but you should check out my calves.
I find it very offensive when people get easily offended.
How can you tell if your wife is dead? The sex is the same but the dishes pile up.
There's nothing I've learned from being a father that I couldn't just as easily have figured out from setting all my money on fire.
In India a man was bitten by a snake as he tried to take a 'selfie'. How the snake managed to bite the man and hold a phone simultaneously is a mystery.
What did the mother lion say to her cubs before dinner? "Shall we prey!"
Appreciate how some people don't come out of ATM till they find the meaning of life right there.
Do you know why beer goes through your system so fast? Because it does not have to stop to change color.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
If you are having a blind date on a glacier. Don't break the ice.
The four most beautiful words in our common language: "I told you so."
Every organisation is perfectly designed to get the results they are getting.
IRS: We've got what it takes to take what you've got.
If you have a shitty job, you probably shouldn't lick your fingers at lunch time.
How do I stay humble? Well, it's not easy, but I start by being generally bad at almost all things.
How do they say "fuck you" in Los Angeles? "Trust me."
Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil.
The best thing about living at the beach is that you only have assholes on three sides of you.
Never trust a man that says, "Trust me." and never trust a woman that says "It's fine."
If life hands you lemons, break out the tequila!
Even if you were eaten, there will still be a two way out.
I used to a fan of evolution. But then I have evolved.
I just want to be rich enough to be referred to as eccentric instead of just nuts.
Did you hear the story about the giraffe? Forget it its too long.
Football gave me a traumatic brain injury and I was only watching.
You should be happy we're having turkey, rather than the turkey have us.
Worrying works! 90% of the things I worry about never happen.
I'm on the highway to hell, but ran over the pothole to hell and need the roadside assistance to hell.
When will pigs fly? When we launch them to mars for the astronauts to have bacon!
Cake: the answer, no matter the question.
Stalking is when two people go for a long romantic walk together but only one of them knows it.
A large group of other people's children is called a "Nope".
Just got a booty call from life, apparently it still wants to keep fucking me.
I would make a joke about Shrek, but they are too ogre-used.
Which came first? The birth, or parental disappointment?
I was at a climbing center the other day, but someone had stolen all the grips from the wall; honestly, you couldn't make it up.
The Bermuda Triangle got tired of warm weather. It moved to Finland. Now Santa Claus is missing.
I finally got eight hours sleep. Took me four days but whatever.
I can't cut an onion because it makes me cry. My grandma died cutting an onion.
Why did the teacher jump into the water? She wanted to test the water!
A nice Chinese couple gave me a very good camera down by the Washington Monument. I didn't really understand what they were saying, but it was very nice of them.
What did the pirate say when he found someone? I sea you!
Life doesn't hand me lemons, it fires them at me rapidly from a lemon cannon.
How did Superman's enemies do him in? They put him in his crypt tonite!
What did the farmer say when his hay started blowing away? Hay, come back!
I burnt my Hawaiian pizza today. Should have cooked it on aloha teperature.
Success is like pregnancy. Everybody congratulates you but nobody knows how many times you got fucked to achieve it.
My neighbors are listening to great music. Whether they like it or not.
My mom's favorite part of my birthday is describing my birth in detail to an 18 year old waitress who is just there to get our drink order.
Hi there, I'm a human being! What are you?
He's street smart. Sesame Street smart.
Best Summer Vacation Book Never Written: "Where to Stay on Vacation" by Moe Tell.
Why did the belt get arrested? Because it held up a pair of pants!
What will fall on the lawn first? An autumn leaf or a Christmas catalog?
You must be from Pearl Harbor, 'cause baby, you're the bomb.
I let my kids follow their dreams, unless I already paid the registration fee on their last dream, then they follow that for 6-8 more weeks.
Before the wedding I have loved all the women on earth, after the wedding one woman less.
Behind every fat woman there is a beautiful woman. No seriously, your in the way.
Sex on tv can't hurt unless you fall off.
I've been waiting for the bus so long, someone just stapled a lost cat flyer to my chest.
All my party planning skills revolve around exit strategies.
What happened when the man fell in love with his garden? It made him wed his plants! 
My toddler ate some googly eyes and I'm really excited to see if she's going to recreate the poop emoji.
The worst thing about parallel parking is witnesses.
I can't believe that you were the sperm that won the race, and your still slow.
"What are you eating and how can I help?"
-Dogs
What do you call a owl that does magic tricks? Hoodini.
Those who have some means think that the most important thing in the world is love; the poor know that it is money.
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet? Because of the lactose.
I made dinner reservations for my wife's birthday and told the host there's an extra $20 for the bartenders if they card her.
It is better to be on seventh heaven, rather than on the seventh month.
Why is it that most nudists are people you don't want to see naked?
Wife: "There is something wrong with you." Me: "What a thing to say just before our dog's first salsa lesson."
You gotta feel for kids today, growing up in a world where all the good screen names are already taken.
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
Everyone has a friend who laughs funnier than he jokes.
Should crematoriums give discounts for burn victims?
Who doesn't eat on Thanksgiving? A turkey because it is always stuffed.
How do you know that Santa is a man? No woman wears the same attire every year.

See that shadow on the wall? It's brighter than your future.
If you are not part of the solution, you're probably running for President
I'm on the snake diet. It's the one where you lie on the floor all day, eat 25% of your body weight, and hiss at anyone who comes near you.
People think New Years is a life-changing event. If your life sucked last year, it's probably still going to suck tomorrow.
When I grow up, I'm going to make my kids watch the movie "2012" and tell them I survived that.
Why did the slave go to college? To pick up his master's degree.
He's a recovering alcoholic: recovering from last night!
If a woman gave in very fast it's not because of the man but the men that came before him.
How many light bulbs does it take to change people?
Ninety-nine percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
A conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good.
They were the type of children who would kill both parents and make you feel sorry for them because they were orphans.
If the speed of light is 186,000 miles/sec., what's the speed of darkness?
I don't think it's rude to ask someone in an online dating site to send a picture posing with a copy of today's newspaper.
My dad was a stalker. I want to follow him in his footsteps.
Well aren't you a waste of two billion years of evolution.
The problem with being in the center of attention is that half of it is always behind your back.
Men of quality respect women's equality.
What is a ram's favorite song on February 14th? I only have eyes for ewe, dear 
Life's a bitch, 'cause if it was a slut, it'd be easy.
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says "I'm possible."
Our conscience is clear- we don't use it.
Dogs have masters. Cats have staff.
Isn't it odd the way everyone automatically assumes that the goo in soap dispensers is always soap? I like to fill mine with mustard, just to teach people a lesson in trust.
People who want to share their religious or political views with you almost never want you to share yours with them.
The best reason to divorce or break-up with a man is for health reasons you're sick of him.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
I can't get enough minimalism.
Roses are red violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic and so am I.
You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back.
I love waking up to the sound of birds arguing with their spouses.
Five days of the week, my body is a temple. The other two, it's an amusement park! 
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
A bus is a vehicle that runs twice as fast when you are after it as when you are in it.
What do you call an Italian beggar? Giovanni change.
What is 6.9? A good thing ruined by a period.
Shocked by the Sears news today, I had no idea it was still open.
How many golfers does it take to change a light bulb? FORE!
The poor wish to be rich, the rich wish to be happy, the single wish to be married, and the married wish to be dead.
Drink 'till she's cute, but stop before the wedding.
A woman's favorite position is CEO.
It was love at first sight. Then I took a second look!
Now that I'm older, I realize that my imaginary friend was really nothing more than an imaginary acquaintance.
I seen a black guy riding a bike the other day and I thought it was mine... Then I remembered that mine is chained up in my garage begging for food.
What did the sign on the door of the whorehouse say? "Beat it - we're closed."
Karma is like 69. You get what you give.
Where do fish work? The offish.
What did the boy octopus say to the girl octopus? Can I hold your hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand?
I got into an argument with a mime once, then I had to silence him.
Magician: I need a volunteer. [man stands] Not you. [woman stands] Not you. GARY GET UP HERE! [Gary goes up] We've never met before, right?
Brain cells come and go but fat cells live forever.
If you're ever angry just punch an orphan. What will they do? Complain to their parents?
I wish you were on the football team because I'd love to see your backfield in motion.
Foreign Aid: The transfer of money from poor people in rich countries to rich people in poor countries.
My other body is in the Photoshop.
You don't work – you don't have money to live, you work – there's no time to live.
If you weigh 99 pounds and eat 1 pound of nachos you will be 1% nachos!
Did you hear about the guy that lost his left arm and leg in a car crash? He's all right now.
I'm rich; what am I supposed to do, hide it?
A woman is like a suitcase: both hard to carry and a pity to throw away.
Why was tiger looking inside the toilet? He was looking for Pooh!
Chuck Norris once snorted a kilo of cocaine; it had no effect.
What did the big chimney say to the little chimney? "You're too young to smoke."
I would hug you, but I would rather wait until I'm covered in syrup. And until you have nicer clothes on. 
-Toddlers
If we're going to arm the teachers at least give the librarians silencers.
When they start getting the 5-day forecast right then maybe I'll listen to their climate change theories.
Do you have a date for Valentine's Day? Sirl: Yes, February 14th.
Girl, are you a modern day savings account because I keep investing money in you but I'm not getting much interest.
What did the Valentine's Day card say to the stamp? Stick with me and you'll go places.
I know everyone thinks tall people have a lot of advantages in life but in reality, we have to deal with 40% more spider webs than you do.
If everything seems to be coming your way, you're probably in the wrong lane.
How many men does it take to open a beer? None. It should be opened by the time she brings it.
Marriage is like a coffin and each kid is another nail.
Damn girl, are you a smoke detector? Cause you're annoying and won't shut the fuck up.
Do you sell hot dogs? Because you know how to make a wiener stand.
If I throw a stick, will you leave?

Mothers with teenagers know why animals eat their young.
What cheese can never be yours? Nacho cheese.
On your birthday, remember: don't drink and tattoo.
Hey in my nursing class we just learned how to bathe people can I practice on you?
What's the difference between a new husband and a new dog? After a year, the dog is still excited to see you.
Why don't animals play poker in Africa? Because they're cheetahs.
A celebrity is someone who works hard all his life to become known and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a flat tire.
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
If you lend someone $20, and never see that person again; it was probably worth it.
Smith & Wesson: The original point and click interface.
What do you call a knife in Japan? A Santoku!
Me: "How much for the baby dragon?"
Pet store clerk: "Sir, that's a lizard."
Me: *not listening* "When do they start breathing fire?"
I can't believe I forgot to go to the gym today. That's 7 years in a row now.
Alcoholism is the only disease that tries to convince you that you don't have it.
What do you get when you mix a cheetah and a hamburger? Fastfood!
I got myself into this, and I'll get myself even deeper into this.
Water is composed of two gins, Oxygin and Hydrogin. Oxygin is pure gin. Hydrogin is gin and water.
George washington said "We would have a black president when pigs fly!" ... well, swine flu.
What did one candle say to the other? "Don't birthdays burn you up?"
Definition of a bachelor: A man who has missed the opportunity to make some woman miserable.
What did the pig say at the beach on a hot summer's day? I'm bacon!
So many boys, such little minds. 
Why is the book "Women Who Love Too Much" a disappointment for many men? No phone numbers.
Where the woman's neck ends the infinity begins.
What should you do if you come across an elephant? Apologize and wipe it off.
I wanted to make a joke about criminals, but I was scared it would get stolen.
My wife said wanted something shiny that went from 0-150 in under 2 seconds. I gave her a scale.
What dog can't bark? A hot dog.
Donated his brain to science before he was done using it.
Pork and Leek... great flavor for sausages... lousy brand name for condoms.
You know you're getting old when you have more candles on your cake than friends at your birthday party.
What's the definition of a Yankee? Same thing as a "quickie", only you do it yourself.
Do you need space? Join NASA!
When you go into court, you are putting your fate into the hands of people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty.
Why do women pierce their bellybutton? Place to hang their air freshener.
If we put aside our differences and work together, I truly believe we can come up with a few more alternate spellings of the name Britney.
Time is like money, the less we have of it to spare the further we make it go.
Marriage through the ages creates new reflexive responses, for example it was only the other night the wife panted that she was so very hot, so I turned on the airconditioner.
The three unwritten rules of life:
1.
2.
3.
Let's emotionally damage each other and call it Love.
Why do field hockey players never sweat? They have too many fans!
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad away.
I once dated a girl with a twin. People asked me how I could tell them apart. It was simple, Jill painted her nails purple and Bob had a cock.
Why didn't the dog want to play football? It was a boxer!

I may not be Fred Flintstone but I can make your bed rock.
There's only one thing better than the cutest cat in the world. A Dog.
Why didn't the skeleton want to go to school? His heart wasn't in it.
There are 364 days until Christmas and people already have their Christmas lights up. Unbelievable...
What's got four legs and one arm? A Rottweiler.
What do you call a snake that's exactly 3.14 meters long? A πthon.
I was going to be an optometrist, but couldn't see things clearly.
Darling, what are you thinking about right now? If I would want you to know, I would say it not think about it.
I ran three miles today. Finally I said, "Lady take your purse."
Real men don't cry…tears for real men are only unnecessary liquids in the body.
Is pikachu called pikachu because he always say pikachu or is he saying pikachu because he is pikachu?
Why do they call it PMS? Because Mad Cow Disease was already taken.

Thanks to Facebook, I never forget the birthdays of people I don't really know.
Who invented the brush they put next to the toilet? That thing hurts!
I wasn't lying, I was just writing fiction with my mouth.
I have a friend. He keeps trying to convince me he's a compulsive liar, but I don't believe him.
I disapprove of every conspiracy of which I am not a part.
I'd tell a joke about claustrophobic people, but it might be to tight for you.
You know the world is going crazy when the best rapper is a white guy, the best golfer is a black guy, the tallest guy in the NBA is Chinese, the Swiss hold the America's Cup, France is accusing the U.S. of arrogance, Germany doesn't want to go to war, and the three most powerful men in America are named ‘Bush', ‘Dick', and ‘Colon'. Need I say more?
Did you hear about the female rapper who only battled while she was on her menstrual cycle? They say she had a mean flow.
Girls wanting giant ass teddy bears, & VS bags, and bouquets of underwear for valentines day. Just give me some pizza & I'll love u forever.
I think without doubt the best job in Iraq, would have to be Foreign Ambassador...
Take time to relax especially when you don't have time for it.
What's the difference between a knife and a feminist? The knife has a point.
Are you sitting on the F5 key? Because your backside is refreshing.
Where were you i have been waiting for half an hour. Said No Girl Ever.
You should need a license to be that ugly.
If you ever get cold, just stand in the corner of a room for a while. They're normally around 90 degrees.
How do you keep your husband from reading your e-mail? Rename the mail folder "Instruction Manuals."
Where do zombies like to go swimming? The Dead Sea.
Why are bad school grades like a shipwreck in the Arctic Ocean? They're both below C level!
I ran into my ex the other day, hit reverse, and ran into him again.
I made voodoo dolls of my dogs just so I could still rub their bellies while I'm at work.
Apple should make a sarcasm font and call it the iRoll.
Autocorrect is Freudian slip of smartphone age.
Whenever I get on my roof to clean the gutters, I always slip and fall. Every shingle time.
I'm no weatherman but I know you're going to get 3 inches tonight.
Accept it. Your parents HAVE had sex before.
What's the difference between a girlfriend and a wife? 45 pounds. 
The 80s were great because I didn't have to look at your selfies.
Why does someone who runs marathons make a good student? Because education pays off in the long run!


You are the reason Santa even has a naughty list.
My hope for you is that you someday find the end of your sentence
When a twitter troll disappears it just means his mom changed the wifi password until his chores are done.
My friend: "Hurry up, someone calls the fire department!"
Me: "We are the fire department!"
I like to give people blank "Thank you" cards for their birthdays and then when they ask me what it's for I say, "You'll thank me later!"
What do u call 1,000 black people on a plane back to Africa? A good start.
How do most men define a wedding? An expensive way to get laundry done for free.
What happened to the egg when he was tickled too much? He cracked up.
I started a company selling landmines that look like prayer mats. Prophets are going through the roof.
Walruses are like Tupperware - they both like a tight seal.
If love is the answer, could you rephrase the question?
What is Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination? Hand-eye.
I got fired from Yankee candle factory because I refused to work wick ends!
Insanity is hereditary. You get it from your kids.
Nothing makes me more suspicious than an unsolicited compliment.
How do you get a couple of fat birds into bed? Piece of cake.
You're so fat that your husband rolled over after sex, rolled over again and was STILL on top of you.
Pakistan army will never try to win the war against India, someone told them winner has to speak English on live television.
Join the Army, meet interesting people, and kill them.
Why do vegetarians give good head? Because they are used to eating nuts!
"Could you take a couple steps back. I have a nut allergy."
Guy: Wanna go out? Girl: I have a boyfriend. Guy: It's just like soccer, just because theres a goalie doesnt mean you cant score.
The more beautiful the woman is who loves you, the easier it is to leave her with no hard feelings.
If everyone was like you the human race would lose faith in the world.
Why do women prefer old gynecologists? Their shaky hands!
I took my new car back to the dealers, complaining it only did left turns - "drive in the opposite direction then" he said.
If you can't buy a person, you can always sell him.
What's the difference between when a southern person says mother fucker and when a and a northern person says mother fucker? 
The southern person means it.
One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor.
Did you hear the joke about the Liberty Bell? Yeah, it cracked me up!
Trying to understand women is like trying to smell color 9.
I have the Emergency Alert Warning sound set as the ringtone for when my wife calls.
I have clean conscience. I haven't used it once until now.
When checking out at the grocery store, I always pick the cashier who's most likely to have sex with me. I always end up at the self-checkout.
Are you a cat because you're purrrrrrfect.
You owe me a drink, you're so ugly I dropped mine when I saw you.
What is live? Life is love. Whats love? Love is kissing. Whats kissing? Come here and I show you.
It is said that, a way to a man's heart goes through a stomach. Aha…you might think that men go to their lovers to eat some soup.
It takes two to lie... One to lie and one to listen...
You're wrong! I touched second base. I missed third… but I touched second.
Wanna fork? Not to-knife, but as spoon as I feel better.
I spy with my little eye nothing because I only have two normal-sized eyes.
What did one squirrel say to the other? Come around the tree and I'll show you my nuts.
You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on.
Why did the banana go out with the prune? Because it couldn't get a date. 
Olympic track makes you feel like you witnesed a crime, because you hear a gunshot and then see a bunch of black guys hauling ass.
If your parachute won't open, you have the rest of your life to fix it.
If the sun is so hot how come it's single.
Hey baby, I'm a power source, and you're the kind of resistor i'd like to deliver my load to.
Why did the volleyball player cross the road? There are players on the other side.
I'm not trying to boss you around just do what I say.
Why were the Middle Ages called the Dark Ages? Because there were too many knights.
The real reason I keep my car messy is just in case anyone ever tries to steal it maybe they will feel sorry for me instead.
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know and I don't care.
I want our relationship to be like a Nintendo DS cartridge. If we have any problems, take it out, blow on it, and put it back in.
She's so fat, she's got more chins than a Chinese phone book.
I once dated a mime. I hope I left her with a good impression.
I've been on so many blind dates, I should get a free dog. 
The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense.
I am a virtuous woman, that's why I cost more!
I came into this world screaming and I still haven't stopped.
Egotist: A person who is usually me-deep in conversation.
Goes to the gym, lays on the mat to stretch, falls asleep.
How do you fix a woman's watch? Why should you? There's a clock on the oven.
I took my relatives kids to the movies it only cost all the money I had for the cookout tomorrow and my rent.
Vagina - the box a penis comes in.
What do you call a mama cat? Tittycat!
Nutella: A reason to buy bread.
What's a sexoholic's favorite roller coaster? Iron Rattler.
What is Dracula's favorite fruit? A nectarine.
What do you call a mountain where people never sleep? Mt Neverest.
I was raped by a group of mimes. They did unspeakable things to me.
Did Adam and Eve ever have a date? No, but they had an Apple. 
I pretend to work as long as they pretend to pay me.
Here's a step by step guide to walking up the stairs, step 1) Right foot, step 2) Left foot, step 3) Right foot...
Offer to wake up early and make pancakes for your family. Cut up round, pancake-size pieces of cloth beforehand. Coat the cloth pieces with batter and cook them up. They look like actual pancakes, but can't be cut, even with a knife.
I saw a man yesterday who was so bald I could see what he was thinking.
New Year's is just a holiday created by calendar companies who don't want you reusing last year's calendar.
The fish tube is a government ploy to distract us from the very suspicious circumstances surrounding Jeffrey Epstein's death stay woke people.
If your partner asks, "Do you love your phone more than you love me?" Lie.
What is a dentist's office?… A filling station.
Just cause you got a bigger brain doesn't mean you got more IQ.
I don't want to be a millionaire. I just want to have enough money to stare off into the distance while pumping gas.
I opened the dishwasher and it's full of clean dishes and I'm scared my wife is going to know that I know.
Women are cursed, and men are the proof.
What happens when you fall in love with a french chef? You get buttered up. 
Kobe Bryant wears the number 24 to remind himself of how many seconds he has to hog the ball.
Evolution: True science fiction.
Men, if you have met your dream girl, materialize her.
I wanted to be an astronaut but my parents told me the sky was the limit.
A real Don Juan has to dress not only tasteful but also very quickly.
What do you call a very small valentine? A valentiny.

I am right ninety eight percent of the time - who cares about the other three percent.
What do friends and trees have in common? They both fall down when you hit them with an axe.
Me: "Hey did you buy '100 Count Tennis Balls' from Amazon?"
Wife: "No."
Dog: Pretending to read newspaper.
Why was the broom late? It over swept!
She wanted to sell me a whole bedroom set, but I just wanted one nightstand.
What sound does a train make when it's eating?... Chew chew... Very Punny right?
How many niggers does it take to shingle a roof? Depends on how thin you slice 'em.
What is the difference between a drug dealer and a hooker? A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again. 
How can you tell a black person is lying? His lips are moving.
No matter what has happened. No matter what you've done. No matter what you will do. I will always love you. I swear it.
I went geese hunting the other day but once they started flying I knew the game was up.
I was never a photogenic person, because when everyone said cheese I said "WHERE"?
I wanted to be a hair stylist for bald people.
What do you call cheese that is not yours? Nacho cheese!
What part of your family can you see through? A transparent.
Did you hear about the athlete who wore two jackets when she painted the house? The instructions on the can said: "Put on two coats."
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you.
I once dated a woman who uses a nightlight. What a turn off.
It ain't the jeans that make your butt look fat.
Why did the octapus? Because the seaweed.
I say no to alcohol, it just doesn't listen.
Why do gorillas have big nostrils? Because they have big fingers.
Why are men like blenders? You need one, but you're not quite sure why.
See no evil, hear no evil, date no evil.
I had such a crush on my sixth-grade teacher... I was home schooled.
The winner of the costume contest was the invisible man. He was invisible, and his wife wasn't much to look at either.
What is white when it's dirty and black when it's clean? A blackboard!
Life is good you know. So I suggest you get one.
Some people are only alive because it is illegal to shoot them.
Why is a traffic light red? You would be red too if you were changing in front of people all day.
What did Spartacus do to the cannibal who ate his nagging wife? Nothing, he's gladiator.
A cauliflower is a plant explosion in extremely slow motion.
I've got my ion you, baby!
What's the difference between light and hard? You can sleep with a light on.
Money is the root of all wealth.
What's brown and runny? Usain Bolt.
I dropped my phone in the toilet and now you're all baptized.
Yo mama so stupid she tried to climb mountain dew.
Can't wait to start my New Years resolution in 2018!
Most women don't know where to look when they're eating a banana.
What's the height of conceit? Having an orgasm and calling out your own name. 
Why did the snowman call his dog Frost ? Because frost bites ! 
A girl never comments on another unless she's jealous.
Why was six scared of seven? Because seven "ate" nine.
Your baby looks the same as it did yesterday. *Me, commenting on a Facebook picture.*
I think I'm agnostic, but I haven't decided.
What's another name for the highway to hell?
The route of all evil.
They call me coffee cause I grind so fine.
You have to be flexible to work here. On many occasions, you'll be asked to bend over and grab your ankles.
I flirted with disaster last night. Now disaster won't stop texting me.
My friend's friend is my friend. My friend's girlfriend is my friend. My friend's boyfriend is just a scum.
Hard work is simply the refuge of people who have nothing whatever to do.
Why are spiders great tennis players? Cause they have great topspin.
What did the math book say to the psychologist? "Would you like to hear my problems?"
Do they have reserved parking for non-handicapped people at the Special Olympics?
You are depriving some poor village of its idiot.
There are two kinds of people who don't say much: those who are quiet and those who talk a lot.
Errors have been made. Others will be blamed.
An iron rule of a leader – make love to your wife in the morning and you will be the first.
Yo momma is so fat, when she sat on an iPod, she made the iPad!
I've been running as fast as I can, but I still can't catch my breath.
Why does the bride always wear white? Because it is good for the dishwasher to match the stove and refrigerator.
If opposites truly attract, the correct life strategy is to be a loser.
My favorite part of Fall is walking through a hundred spider webs a day and screaming every single time.
My friend's in prison for flashing; he says he can't bare it anymore.
Why did the pig give his girlfriend a box of candy? It was Valenswine's Day.

Why can't you play badminton in the jungle? Because there are too many cheetahs.
I wish there was a way to keep in touch with dogs I meet outside of grocery stores.
I slapped Dwayne Johnson's ass. I guess I've hit Rock Bottom.
My dear old grandmother always used to say the way to a man's heart was through his stomach, which is why she lost her job as a cardiac surgeon.
Do you know what the square root of 69 is? Ate something. (8.xxxxxxx....)
My family always celebrates Thanksgiving with a fast. The faster we eat, the more food we get.
I wish I had a man around the house... to hand me my tools while I'm fixing things.
I was going to be a computer forensics expert, but couldn't hack IT.
Out of my mind. Back in five minutes.
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and call whatever you hit the target.
It's not love until you don't want them to have a good time without you.
Sorry I missed your call, I was busy seeing how many times my phone would ring before you gave up.
If the answer to all questions is yes, so why not?
What did Mister A say to Mister E? It's the popular mystery.
I wanted to tell you that wherever I am, whatever happens, I'll always think of you, and the time we spent together, as my happiest time. I'd do it all over again, if I had the choice. No regrets.
Eyelashes are supposed to prevent things from getting into your eyes but when I do have something in my eye it's always an eyelash. Eyeronic.
What kind of bees make milk? Boobies
Q: What did the peanut butter say to the bread? A: Quit loafing around!
What do you call a monkey with a gun? Gorillawarfare.
I love my six packs so much that I have protected it with layers of fat.
Why are teachers happy at Halloween parties? Because there is lots of school spirit!
The early bird gets the worm but the late worm gets to live.
An honest politician is one who, when he is bought, will stay bought.
How do we know that soccer referees are happy? Because they whistle while they work.
Love helps to kill time. And time helps to kill love.
Don't feed the animals at the zoo! You should better feed the security guard!
How many Germans does it take to change a light bulb? One. They are efficient and don't have humor.
What kind of tie does a ghost wear to a formal party? A boo-tie.
Losing a husband can be hard: in my case it was almost impossible.
How is education going to make me smarter?
Canadians are more polite when they are being rude than Americans are when they are being friendly.
Mom, thanks for providing me with love that's as never-ending as your voicemails.
I'd call someone pregnant "totally fucked".
What is Al Caedas favorite football team? The New York Jets.
I'm in a long distance relationship, her restraining order ends tomorrow.
100,000 sperm and you were the fastest?
She is not my reword, I am her punishment.
Does your head only have Udon noodles instead of a brain?
Handsome, Sweet, Intelligent, spontaneous, good-looking, nice friends, charming, funny, well...Enough about ME! How about you?
On a scale of 1 to 11, how would you rate Arabs? 9 out of 11.
Why wasn't Jesus born in the USA? Because God couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.
Me: I know a gay guy that sounds like an owl. Friend: Who?
If you want to hide your face, go out naked.
There are all types of love in this world but never the same love twice.
Your way sounds super safe and rational. Let's do it my way.
My girlfriend started smoking, so I slowed down and applied Lubricant.
When in doubt, mumble.
With a calendar, your days are numbered.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't work? A stick.
Where do bad gymnasts go? Behind parallel bars!
I asked my friend for a sharpened pencil, but he didn't have one. I always knew he was a little dull...
Can I buy you a drink, or do you just want the money?
I asked my mother where I have been born when she told me in a hospital. I responded: "Mom was I ill?"
Why did the prawn leave the nightclub? Because he pulled a muscle.
Why are aspirins white? Because they work.
Hi, I'm bisexual. I'd like to BUY you a drink...and then get sexual.

I can't count how many times I failed maths at school.
What's a man's idea of a perfect date? A woman who answers the door stark naked holding a six pack.
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None. It's a hardware problem.
How do you prevent a Summer cold? Catch it in the Winter!
If you are joining a new bank bring money with you, make sure you take that into account.
That awesome moment when you open the fridge and the first thing you see is the thing you wanted to eat.
If you win three games of Twister in a row you're automatically a yoga instructor.
A woman is like a parachute – can refuse at any time, that's why you need to have a spare one.
Just about the time when you think you can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
I was thinking about how people seem to read the Bible a whole lot more as they get older. Then it dawned on me ... they were cramming for their finals.
Stop with the blind jokes ... I don´t see the point.
What's one of the worst things about giving a man a blow job? The view.
I like work. It fascinates me. I sit and look at it for hours.
Sometimes when I reflect back on all the beer I drink I feel shamed. Then I look into the glass and think about the workers in the brewery and all of their hopes and dreams. If I didn't drink this beer, they might be out of work and their dreams would be shattered. Then I say to myself, "It is better that I drink this beer and let their dreams come true than be selfish and worry about my liver.
A nice box of chocolates provide your total daily intake of calories in one place. Isn't that handy?
What do you call a black with no arms? Trustworthy.
I'm good at multitasking and procrastinating, which means right now there are at least 28 things that I'm putting off until later.
What's the object of a Jewish football game? To get the quarterback.
The best way to remember your 21st birthday, is not at all. Have fun blacking out.
What do u do when your sitting in the dark and your TV starts to float? You turn on the lights and shoot the black guy stealing it.
I was sexually active at 12. It's now 12:15 and my arm is killing me.
Love – is an extreme sympathy that leads to bed.
Every wife should understand one thing: a dinner will taste better if she cooks it less frequently.
Why did the boy throw the butter out the window? To see a butterfly.
Are you from Japan? Cause I'm currently trying to get in japanties.
Look, if crying doesn't solve the problem, then maybe I'm just not the person you should be asking.
Yesterday I went for a walk with a beautiful girl. When she noticed me, we went for a run.
Why are men are like coffee? The best ones are rich, hot, and can keep you up all night.
Do it tomorrow. You have made enough mistakes for today.
My honey farmer friend has a thing for big butts. I suppose Booty is in the eye of the bee-holder.
Do you know how to lose weight... fast.
You are one well-defined function!
Why did the chicken cut his legs and wings off? To make his dinner.
When decorating your tween daughter's room, don't forget to leave ample space for half the glasses in your kitchen.
Duck tape fixes everything... Except relationships because she won't let you put it over her mouth.
When there's a will, I want to be in it.
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs? Because they don't want to be mistaken as feminists.
I have a lot in common with my Velcro wallet. We're both simple and great at holding everything in.
Are your pants 50% off? Cuz they'll be 100% off in my room.
Father's day, the most confusing day in the ghetto.
I'm selling a parachute – just as new, used only one time, didn't open once.
What's the difference between a female lawyer and a pitbull terrier? Lipstick!
What happened when the dog went to the flea circus ? He stole the show !
Got a ceiling fan? Put some little piles of talcum powder on top of the blades and wait for somebody to turn it on. It'll be snowing indoors.
I named a comet after you. It's called "piece of shit comet".
Why did the farmer only wear one boot to town? He heard there would be a 50% chance of snow!
I would tell you a joke about my shoe but I think I shoedn't.
Why did God create gay men? So fat girls could dance.
I was at a restaurant and I noticed my waitress had a black eye. So I ordered very sloooowly because obviously she doesn't listen.
What's the difference between your job and a dead prostitute? Your job still sucks!

Black people are like carpets. When they get dirty, just chain them to the back of your truck and drive.
69% of people find something dirty in every sentence.
"Hey Dad, have you seen my sunglasses?" "No son, have you seen my glasses?"
Thanks honey for rolling over at 3am and telling me I should get some sleep.

In my insomnia stupor that hadn't crossed my mind.
In politics, absurdity is not a handicap.
If I followed you home, would you keep me?
My doctor wants to have me tested for lupus which is ridiculous, as I've never even seen a werewolf.
HOW DO I TURN OFF CAPS LOCK? I ACCIDENTALLY TURNED IT ON YESTERDAY AND I DON'T KNOW HOW TO TURN IT BACK OFF. ALL MY FRIENDS ARE MAD BECAUSE THEY THINK I AM SHOUTING AT THEM OVER INTERNET. PLEASE HELP!!!
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose? Full.
Q: How is life like a penis?
A: Your girlfriend makes it hard.
[man] Excuse me, would you like to dance? [women] NO! [man] Maybe u didn't hear me.... I said u look really fat in those pants!
My mother + my father – condom = MOST AWESOME PERSON ALIVE!
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
Did you hear about the junkie that was addicted to brake fluid and Crystal Meth? He said he could stop anytime.
He can't decide whether to have his visor half open or half closed.
What should you give a man who has everything? A woman to show him how to work it.
If breaks are meant to be slow... then why do they call it "breakfast"?
It's not that I'm afraid to die, I just don't want to be there when it happens.
RSVP: ⚪️yes         ⚪️no                      ⚫️yes now but then no later on
Women who seek to be equal to men...LACK AMBITION!
Why do women have smaller feet than men? It's one of those "evolutionary things" that allows them to stand closer to the kitchen sink.
What did the dentist said to the Sabretooth tiger? You have outstanding teeth.
You can do more with a kind word and a gun than with just a kind word.
Do not walk behind me, for I may not lead. Do not walk ahead of me, for I may not follow. Do not walk beside me either. Just pretty much leave me the hell alone.
A day without sunshine is like, well, night.
When some one types "kys," the way you can get them back is type, "Kiss? Aww, thanks!" They wil probably think you are stupid, but it is still hilarious.
I'm just looking for a nice high maintenance girl who uses the dogface on Snapchat, takes tons of selfies, and listens to Taylor Swift.
Missionary Impossible: When 2 fat people try to have sex.
If I discovered a new animal I'd call it a Quorn to mess with vegetarians.
The results of a Harvard study found that 9 out of 10 people who do not eat meat suffer from chronic constipation, proving that what happens in vegans, stays in vegans.
You're the best! At being the worst.
When a young white girl saw a blind person, her mother told her not to stare. She doesn't look at Asians anymore.
What do you call a man with half a brain? Gifted.
It's two in the morning.  Do you know where your blankets are?
Twitter is my 'serious' account. My Bank account is the 'joke' one.
Is your name Summer? ‘Coz you're HOT!
Do you think they named April Fool's Day in your honor?
Cannibals like to meat people.
Roses are #FF0000, violets are #0000FF. All my base are belong to you.
I was about to crack a joke on boxers; now leave it, I forgot the punchline.
I'd stand in a room amongst a group of people and say "hey do you guys want to see a joke?" Then walk out of the room, then walk back in whilst presenting myself in a grand fashion. "Et voila."
I don't like telling dairy jokes 'cause they're always too cheesy.
Buy a prepaid gift card from Starbucks or another store for $25. Then use it for yourself till it only has 25 cents left on it. Present it as a gift to your fool.
Somedays I feel like running away. Then I remember how much I hate running.
How does an elephant climb a tree? It stands on an acorn and waits for it to grow.
I used to drink all brands of beer. Now, I am older Budweiser!
How do you make a black nervous? Take him to an auction.
I haven't slept for three days, because that would be too long.
Hey baby, what's your resonance frequency?
What do farmers give their wives on Valentine's Day? Hog and kisses! 
Where does Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies.
I could make jokes about bears, but they are unbearable.
 I don't do different things... It's just that I do things differently!
Cowgirls are like cow pats - the older they are, the easier they are to pick up.
The new french tank is pretty cool, it can go in 16 directions. 15 of which go backwards, 1 goes forwards in case the enemy comes from behind.
How did the reporter kill himself? Noosepaper.
The slogan for Canada Dry should be "I hope you feel better."
How Do they say "F**k You" in Hollywood? "Trust Me..."
A sports expert is the guy who writes the best alibis for being wrong.
How many men does it take to screw in a light bulb? One. He just holds it up there and waits for the world to revolve around him.
What do you call dog meat? Pet food.
You may have a heart of gold, but so does a hard-boiled egg.
Netflix and scroll through the selections until it's too late to start watching anything.
The less skilled the player, the more likely he is to share his ideas about the golf swing.
You can't live, without, your... liver
Old Chinese proverb: Rape impossible! Woman with skirt up run faster than man with trousers down!
Stress is caused by giving a fuck.
Be kind. Some people grew up in Pepsi households.
Do one thing that scares you every day. Maybe do four things. Live in constant fear.
I think it'd be cool if they made those classical nude sculptures out of timber instead of stone, wooden tit?
Is Japan looking for you? Cause you're on a whale watch.
Political parties are like toilet paper. Whichever side you select, you end up getting poop!
The Rock's wife introducing him to her friends: "This is Dwayne "my rock" Johnson."
Remember a sense of humor does not mean that you tell him jokes, it means you laugh at his.
I know I'm getting old... the other day I walked past a cemetery and two guys attacked me with shovels.
Doc says to the patient, "You have the body of a twenty-year-old, but you should return it. You're stretching it completely out of shape."
How does one know a man is going to say something smart?..His senentences start with "A woman once told me.."
How are husbands like lawn mowers? They're hard to get started, they emit noxious odors, and half the time they don't work.
Masturbating makes your dick smaller. Don't believe me? Asians have really fast internet. Africa doesn't.
The new iPhone X has facial recognition. Some of you all ladies are gonna be locked out after you wash your face off.
The same people who laugh at gypsy fortune tellers take economists seriously.
One-seventh of your life is spent on Mondays.
The doctors found a diseased blood type: U.
Sorry, I'm out of my mind at the moment, please leave a message and I'll get back to you as soon as possible. 
I think the most exciting thing about being an adult is never knowing what part of your body is going to hurt the next day
I'm sure my neighbor Nicholas is trying to poison me... You're such an Arse, Nick.
All pro athletes are  bilingual. They speak English and profanity.
Anyone can sit here and buy you drinks. I want to buy you dinner!
Marriage is like a bar of soap. It smells delicious until you take a bite out of it!
My sister asked me to bring her something hard to write on. I don't know why she became so mad. It's pretty fucking hard to write on the sand.
I'd advise you graduates to keep your graduation gown. It's the only outfit you might not outgrow.
When do people start using their trampoline? Spring-Time.
Are your pants from outer space or is your butt just out of this world?
I love the way you move...like butter on a bald monkey.
The more people I meet, the more I like my dog.
We can copy any document for you. We do not require the original.
We shouldn't make fun of fat people because they already have enough on their plate.
What's the difference between a $20 steak and a $55 steak? February 14th.
Why do Republicans spend so much money on bathroom fixtures? They really love the Grand Old Potty!
Relationship Status: I'm a Rubik's Cube. Now try and figure me out.
The proper way to use a stress ball is to throw it at the last person to piss you off.
I wondered why the Frisbee was getting bigger, and then it hit me.
The video from the ring infects people with airborne pathogens. The video went viral.
If there's a hardship greater than putting cheese on a cracker and having it break before it gets into your mouth I've not heard of it.
Sounds like its time to get that Enterprise built!
Glad I'm not a general, because auto-correct just changed "lunch order" to "launch order."
I used to think all black people had boomboxes. Then I realized that was just a stereo type.
Why dont blacks celibrate thanksgiving? KFC isnt open on holidays.
Inflation: Being broke with a lot of money in your pocket.
I have no business with you, unless behind the bushes.
"Why don't you trust me?", she texted both the guys simultaneously.
Whenever I find the key to success, someone changes the lock.
Beer: It's not just for breakfast anymore.
Why did the stupid boy put clothes on the valentines he was sending? Because they needed to be ad-dressed! 
Why does night fall but never break and day break but never fall?
Do you want to speak to the manager or someone who know's what's going on?
What's a man's idea of a balanced diet? Beer in each hand!
Ninety two percent of cross-eyed teachers have difficulty controlling their pupils.
Are you a termite? Cause you're about to have a mouth full of wood.
If you want your dreams to be as fascinating to other people as they are to you, don't mention it's a dream until the end of the story.
My drinking team has a bowling problem.
What will it take to reunite Nirvana? Two more bullets.
I'm having an introvert party and you're all not invited.
I bet we can get into some serious Treble together.
Say what you want about deaf people...
People who wait 4 hours to reply to my text with "lol" should be shot.
A woman just asked me if I like thighs or breasts. Told her I like shaved vagina and anal. Apparently, this isn't an appropriate answer at KFC.
Why don't blacks like Tylenol? They have to pick cotton to get to them.
You can't tell me what to do, you're not my dog.
Men and women were created equal, but women continued to improve.
Why did the student study in an airplane? He wanted a higher education! 
Time does'nt exist. Clocks exists.
Every day two million Americans play tennis and one million of them lose.
What do you call a homo police dog? A Gay-9.
Panties not best thing on earth, but next to it.
Leading up to the wedding (NAME) has been on a whiskey diet. His lost three days already.
How did they improve the transportation in Harlem? Moved the trees closer together.
Why don't black people listen to country music? Because when they hear hoe down they think their sister has been shot.
What do cannibals do at a wedding? Toast the bride and groom.
Why'd the semen cross the road? I wore the wrong pair of socks.
I'm not racist, I have a colored tv.
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don't need it.
Where does one apply to be a "kept man"?
Some people are so happy to see you in the parade, so they have another reason to crap on it.
I like two kinds of men: domestic and imported.
Incompetence knows no barriers of time or place.
Can February March? No, but April May!
What do you call a bunch of black people running down a hill? A prison break.
If you were on fire and I had water I would drink it.
A woman is like a well-served table at which a man looks one way before he eats and differently after he ate.
The first step to causing drama is making sure you tell everyone you hate drama.
Why can't pigs tell a joke? Because they're such a bore.
Excuse me, I'm a little short on cash. Mind if we shared a cab home?
Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter since nobody listens.
Only in America ... do banks leave both doors open and then chain the pens to the counters.
Why do we press harder on a remote control when we know the batteries are getting weak?
Why is it called Alcoholics ANONYMOUS when the first thing you do is stand up and say, ‘My name is Peter and I am an alcoholic'
When you're wondering whether she's his daughter or his girlfriend, she's his girlfriend.
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?
What part of a football ground is never the same? The changing rooms.

What's the difference between a man and a woman? Don't think dirty! Only "wo".
I hate zebras. It's not because they're black and it's not because they're white; It's because they're African.
Do you know any bird that can write? Pen-guine.

Why do men get their great ideas in bed? Because their plugged into a genius! 
I heard that Michael Jackson loved his soda, so much so that they called him the King of Pop.
When a woman breast feeds in public it's called natural, but when I do it, the woman calls the cops.
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
What is the difference between frustration and satisfaction? "What the Fuck!" and "What a Fuck!"
After Yoko Ono told John Lennon she loves him 8 days a week, Lennon wrote the song "Help!".
I'll only go to elementary school reunions because those people didn't start to hate me until we were in high school.
Why did the soccer ball quit the team? It was tired of being kicked around.
Who lit the fuse on your tampon?
Why don't women want to get engaged on St Patricks Day? 'Cause they don't want to get a "sham rock".
At school he used to enjoy streaking. On it's own, not a particularly interesting fact, until you consider he was at an ALL BOYS boarding school.
Hey baby, wanna violate the Pauli Exclusion Principle with me?
What is it? "It" is a pronoun.
I hated my job at the fireworks factory, I got fired a lot.
When his I.Q. reaches 50, he should sell.
It's funny how one person can make you never trust anybody...
When you go to the drugstore, why are the condoms not in with the other party supplies?
Did you hear about the cannibal who dumped his girlfriend?
Shut up, will you?" "Oh, I'm sorry, Your Highness, should I go get you your coffee and tea now?
What makes you think this is my first time?
When I asked if you'd like to go out on a date sometime, I meant with me.
You should be wearing a jersey so i dont have to ask for your name or number
Why do stores have Halloween decorations in August? This is ridiculous. Nobody wants to... Oooo look! Candy corn.
What kind of Uber are you - long or short rides?
Now I know why they call it a beaver, because I'm dying for your wood.
What's the difference between Tiger Woods and Santa? Santa stopped at 3 ho's.
How about we do some peer-to-peer sharing? Your domain or mine?
Raising children takes a village, preferably one with many vineyards.
I just researched my family tree and discovered that I am the sap!
I met the man who invented the windowsill. He's a ledge.
I feel like Tampax – at a good place, but wrong time…
What do a dentist and a tennis coach have in common? They both use drills!
What did the doctor say to the alcoholic? Keep taking the Pils.
Why do midgets laugh while running through the yard? The grass tickles their nuts.
Get stoned. Drink wet cement.
I'm sure there's a supplement I could take or another easy solution to cure my laziness. Someone look into it for me.
All generalizations are false, including this one.
With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine.
Do ten millipedes equal one centipede?
Once we had Clinton, Johnny Cash and Bob Hope. Now we have Bush, no Cash and no Hope. 
A man is running after a woman, just until she catches him.
Me in public: "There are too many people on this earth. We need a new plague."
You must be some kind of weirdo to like The Doors. I guess People Are Strange.
I know its not Christmas, but Santa's lap is always ready.
Are you Christmas, because I want to Merry you.
Q: What did the full moon vampire say to the other full moon vampire?
A: See you next month!
What do Hollywood actresses and Houston, TX have in common? They both got fucked by Harvey.
What did the banana say to the vibrator? What are you shaking for? She's going to eat me!
What do you say we make this a Not-so-Silent Night?
How can you tell a Sumo wrestler from a feminist? A Sumo wrestler shaves his legs.
Someone says to his friend: "I bought a cat"
And the other: "You have to be kitten me!"
Putting your iPod on shuffle around your friends is like playing Russian roulette with their respect for you.
Welcome to Utah: set your watch back 20 years.
Why didn't the elephant buy a suitcase for his summer vacation? Because he already had a trunk!
Most guys walk up and stick it in... I stick it in then walk up...
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception
It used to be only death and taxes were inevitable. Now, of course, there's shipping and handling, too. 
Chem students do it on the table periodically.
Sacred cows make the best hamburgers. 
I am the ghost of Christmas Future Perfect Subjunctive: I will show you what would have happened were you not to have changed your ways!
I feel bad for single guys out there. Snap chat filters make 2s look like 10s. Good luck.
It is better to have a hole in your hand than a hand in your hole.
People keep telling me to become a stand-up comedian and I'm like "Ugh, standing."
My diet always starts on a Monday morning and ends at the donuts somebody brings into the office later that morning.
What's your amplitude for charm-strange mixing?
What did the chicken say when it got to the library? "Book book book book book book book..."
It's 10 pm, time to eat the fridge.
Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines. …
Why do men like smart women? Opposites attract.
I have two dicks; one for fucking and the second one for laughing!
My brother and I were visiting our grandmother in the hospital. My brother says "grandma I can't stand to see you like this..." 
My grandmother replies "well get the hell out then!"
Men are like mascara, they usually run at the first sign of emotion.
My life is so shitty, Spike Lee wants to direct it.
If you eat too much curry, you get into a Korma.
Macho Law prohibits me from admitting I'm wrong.
Didn't go to Church today, instead, I stayed at home and listened to REM. Guess I'm losing my religion.
Why did God create stock analysts? In order to make weather forecasters look good.
Can't throw the ball, kept on bouncing away: situation is out of hand.
Do fish get thirsty?
Why do programmers always mix up Halloween and Christmas? Because 31 OCT = 25 DEC.
What type of exam does the vampire teacher give his students? A blood test.
What is a math teacher's favorite sum? Summer!
What do bullshitters like most about St. Patricks day? The blarney stone!
I would tell you my autumn joke but you probably wouldn't fall for it
What do bees do with their honey? They cell it.
You're so old that your first car was a covered wagon.
I don't have a Fitbit. But I have a couple of fat bits.
What does a 75-year-old woman have between her breasts that a 25-year-old doesn't? Her navel.
Why do only 10% of men make it to heaven? Because if they all went, it would be Hell.
How do teddy bears keep their den cool in summer? They use bear conditioning!
I'd pat my own back but my ego is too busy shaking my hand.
Your body is a poop gun and eating is reloading.
Put some ash or soot on your fingertip. Casually mention to a friend that he has a spot of dirt on his face as you reach up to remove it. Leave your mark!
What would we get if we'd cross one nigger and octopus? I have no idea, but it picks cotton like crazy.
One wall to another... Meet you at the corner.
What is a snowman's least favorite yoga position? Downward-facing dog pee.
You must work at subway...cause you're givin' me a foot long.
Your so dense, light must bend around you.
Timing has an awful lot to do with the outcome of a rain dance.
Spent 15min tracing a suspicious noise that tuned out to be the lid not screwed on the Coke bottle tightly enough. If you need a top sleuth.
You ever make fun of someone so much, you think you should thank them for all the good times you've had?
The person next to me on this train hasn't stopped talking loudly the whole journey! I'm starting to regret marrying her.
Party host: Anyone here allergic to nuts? Because I like to rest mine on the table.
What do you call Santa's helpers? Subordinate Clauses.
Not to brag, but I still fit into the lack of enthusiasm I had in high school.
Let's walk and talk. You go that way.
Remember, if you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast.
Try to use this vacuum, it may help you remove the cobwebs in your mind.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. We were just informed you are a humanitarian, and my wife is afraid you're going to eat her.
My dad used to tell me "always leave them wanting more", which is probably why he lost his job in disaster relief.
I am one bottle of shower gel away from being able to open my own Christmas gift shop in my shower.
We've heard that ignorance of maths is growing geometrically, whatever that means.
I'm making a film about emos. I really need to stop saying "cut!" at the end of each scene.
What's the difference between love, true love and showing off? Spitting, swallowing, and gargling.
What does Santa suffer from if he gets stuck in a chimney? Claustrophobia!
What has four legs and an arm? A happy pit bull.
What does a gay man and an ambulance have in common? They both get loaded from the rear and go whoo-whoo!
What do elves learn in school? The Elf-abet! 
You and Me = Grand Unification
Keep honking. I'm reloading.
Here, you can always find a party. Where I come from, the Party can always find you.
What did the elephant say to his girlfriend? "I love you a ton!"

Sometimes I feel like a man trapped in a woman's marriage.
Two deer walk out of a gay bar. One of them turns to the other and says, "I can't believe I blew forty bucks in there."
There are drunk bikers. There are old bikers. There are NO old, drunk bikers.
At least cunts are useful you're not.
Whenever I have a one night stand, I always use protection. A fake name and a fake number.
If it's tourist season, does that mean we can shoot them?
What's the most poular Christmas carol in the desert? Oh caaamel ye faithful.
I wish I could get bitten by a radioactive confident person.
Laziness Level: I get jealous when it's bedtime in other countries
What's the difference between purple and pink? The grip. 
I'm at my most amazing when no one is paying attention.
I've been thinking about you...Owl night long.
Every day, man is making bigger and better fool-proof things, and every day, nature is making bigger and better fools. So far, I think nature is winning.
Did you know that there are 71.9 acres of nipple tissue in the U.S.?
What is black and white and red all over? A newspaper!
Why is there cotton in pill bottles? To remind black people that they were cotton pickers before drug dealers.
I've had so much to drink that you're beginning to look good.
If you were a TSA agent, I would be happy to get a body scan.
Being an ugly girl is like being a man... you have to work.
Any salad can be a Caesar salad if you stab it enough.
I love defenseless animals, especially in a good gravy.
To the question ‘What are you doing here?' 72% answered negative.
What is a zebra? 26 sizes larger than an "A" bra.
Man's appearance is not the most important thing. There are worse flows.
Who was the first to see a cow and think "I wonder what will happen if I squeeze these dangly things and drink whatever comes out?"
Wanna go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch.
Being asked to be best man is like being asked to make love to the queen. On the one hand it is a great honour, but you dread the moment when you have to rise to perform.
I don't have a girlfriend, I just know a girl who would get really mad if she heard me say that.
What do you call a dog on the beach in the Summer? A hot dog!
Friend: What are you gonna be for halloween? Me: Drunk!
It's hunting season and fox like you shouldnt be out in the open!
What is the diffrent between a girl and a cellphone... You can put a selfone on silent.
How is a woman like a condom? Both spend more time in your wallet than on your pecker.
You should know, that no one understood it was an April fool's joke because no one expected you have a sense of humor.
I have an 8:30 dinner reservation tonight. That's like midnight in middle-age time.
Had to turn the stereo off, my wife has been playing Depeche Mode all day. She just can't get enough, whilst I just enjoy the silence.
How many cats equal a husband?
Jokes about unemployed people are not funny. They just don't work.
I tried to be polite and hold the door open for a woman, but she kept screaming, "I'm peeing in here!" Fucking b*tch.
I organized a threesome for (NAME)'s last night of freedom. There were a couple of no-shows, but he still had fun.
What's the difference between a black dude and a park bench. A park bench can support a family of four.
If you are what you eat, then my dog is a calculator.
What's the difference between a politician and a flying pig? The letter F.
You smell like trash..... Can I take you out?
What's the difference between people and tin foil? Tin foil doesn't wrinkle as it oldens.
Nowadays, most of the children dream about an IPhone, when I was a child – I wanted a dog.
What did one ghost say to another ghost? "Do you believe in people?"
Tarzan doesn't have a beard. Yet he lives in the jungle for over 30 years.
Haven't seen any UFOs lately. Wondering if the galaxy is downsizing their space programs too.
From all the butts, ours is the most important.
Don't worry honey, they call it my dual-channel RAM.
Why do Americans choose from just two people to run for president and 50 for Miss America?
How do 5 gay men walk? One Direction!
What's the easiest animal to shoot? Fish, because they're always found in schools.
What's the hardest thing about dating a blind woman? Getting her husband's voice just right.
What happened when the two angels got married? They lived harpily ever after! 
Why did the lady wear a helmet every time she ate? She was on a crash diet!
Are you Vietnamese? Cause I'm falling pho you.
What´s the difference between a goodyear and a fucking good year? 365 condoms.
My sister is so fat then when we go out to the local buffet they see her coming and pot out the speed-bumps.
Stephen Hawking has a great sense of humor. He does One-liners, but not a Stand-up comedy.
You can't know a person well until you live with them. You can't know them really well until you divorce them.
Got a neighbor who's a real patriot? Always flying the flag? Sneak out late at night and replace it with a large pair of boxer shorts.
You must be from Prague because I can't help but Czech you out.
Did you hear about Ku Klux Knievel? He tried to jump over 8 blacks with a steam roller.
*Puts down phone* OH MY GOD I HAVE ANOTHER HAND!
A rolling stone... somebody pushed it.
What did the jester say to the criminal at the guillotine? "Stay calm, and do not lose your head."
One good thing about graduation is that you get to wear a funny hat that makes your brain look larger than it actually is.
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips!
My wife made me into millionaire. I was a multi-millionaire before we met.
What do men and beer bottles have in common? They are both empty from the neck up.
My son just asked me if cats can have babies when they aren't married and I told him yes, but I honestly don't know.
Vegetarian: Native American definition for "lousy hunter".
Do you know karate? Cause your body's kickin!
A man can be happy with any woman as long as he doesn't love her.
Graduation speeches were invented largely in the belief that college students should never be released into the world until they have been properly sedated.
Im not saying I'm number one, uh sorry I lied I'm number one two three four and five.
What kind of key opens a casket? A skeleton key.
You shouldn't come back, because later you'll still want to leave.
Tattoos are like babies. You don't dare tell the truth and say they're ugly.
What are the 2 reasons the girl broke up with her boyfriend? Because he was a cheetah and because he was lion too much to her.
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.
I thought about my ex-girlfriend today, then I wiped my ads and flushed the toilet.
English is weird. It can be understood through tough thorough thought, though.
I'm in love with you, and I'm not in the business of denying myself the simple pleasure of saying true things. I'm in love with you, and I know that love is just a shout into the void, and that oblivion is inevitable, and that we're all doomed and that there will come a day when all our labor has been returned to dust, and I know the sun will swallow the only earth we'll ever have, and I am in love with you.
I never could bring a woman into my house. At first, because of the parents. Later, because of the wife.
He's so far in the closet, he can see Narnia.
I just drank a monster energy drink and I'm still depressed but like, excitedly.
"Don't kid yourself" would be a great slogan for a condom company.
My mother used to say the way to a man's heart is through his stomach. Lovely woman. Useless surgeon.
What do you call a snowman in July? A puddle.
What do toys and boobs have in common? Both are made for children but it's the fathers who play with them most.
You're like milk, I want to make you a part of my complete breakfast.
3-year-old: What's a swear word?

Me: A bad word moms and dads only say when they're mad.

3:

Me:

3: Is my middle name a swear word?
What's a monsters favorite desert? I-Scream!
How many lights does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None, the light is already in the bulb.
It seems like less people are solving their differences with dance offs.
Winter's coming so I'm knitting you a muffler. What size is your mouth?
I only drink on days beginning with "T".  Tuesday, Thursday, today and tomorrow.
I'm going to open a half way house for girls who don't want to go all the way!
If he hurts you, cry a river and then drown him in it.
They lie about marijuana: "Marijuana makes you unmotivated." Lie. When you're high, you can do anything you normally do just as well. You just realize it's not worth the fucking effort. There's a difference.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable ...like a coma.
You can't be a real country unless you have a BEER and an airline - it helps if you have some kind of a football team, or some nuclear weapons, but at the very least you need a BEER.
There are no limits to my perfection – a monkey was thinking while looking at a human.
If you say "I knew you were going to say that" enough. You can start billing people for psychic readings.
Frank: "Emilia how many boyfriends do you have?"
Emilia: "You are the only one."
Frank: "I love you."
Emilia: "I love you too."
Frank: "Two? Why then do you say am the only one."
Virginity is curable.
Romeo and Juliet is not a love story. It's a 3-day relationship between a 13-year-old and a 17-year-old that cause 6 deaths.
Alcoholics and addicts are the only people who can look down on you from the gutter.
The only thing I have to offer men is that I don't ask questions during a movie.
I think football would become an even better game if someone could invent a ball that kicks back.
What happens when you drop a whale on thin ice? Her: What? You: It breaks the ice. Hi, i'm (your name)
The girl at the bar: "You're funny."
I bring her over to meet my wife: "Tell her what you said."
What's a monster's favorite bean? A human bean. 

How do you scare a snowman? You get a hairdryer!
Sugar - Honey - Iced - Tea ... Guess what it means.
You're like a fat stump, I'm always falling over you.
I hate when I'm singing along to the Beastie Boys and they mess up the lyrics.
My favorite sexual position: The Chilean miner. That's where you go down on me and stay there till Christmas.

9 out of 10 Americans are stupid… I'm so glad I'm in the 1%.
Ever since I took geometry at school, my life has turned around 360 degrees.
This must be the 8th castle because I just found my princess.
Took the batteries out of the carbon monoxide alarm because the loud beeping was giving me a headache and making me feel sick and dizzy.
How do you turn a fox into an elephant? Marry it!
My local priest thinks he's ugly, so ugly in fact he's decided to wear a mask when he offers holy communion. Certainly is a blessing in disguise.
Why do men masturbate? it is sex with someone they love
Fat people are lucky - they get to eat whatever they want and not worry about getting fat.
You're about as useful as a bucket without a bottom.
I believe in women's rights, which is why I gave my girlfriend the right to come to see me do comedy tonight. As you guys can see, she's imaginary. I also gave her the right to exist.
He is known as a miracle comic. If he's funny, it's a miracle!
Girl: Why are you so ugly? Boy: I'm you from the future.
Facebook is telling me to "reconnect" with my brother...hmmm, I see him everyday
My dog is completely exhausted from destroying everything in my house
I get most of my daily exercise from shrugging.
Computer does what you command him to do but not what you want from him.
PewdDePie, I used to be a fan but now I am a air conditioner.
What's the best dance to do on Thanksgiving? The turkey trot.
How do hens always know what size your egg cup is? They don't but all eggs always fit.
Doctor: "Well, it looks like you're pregnant."
Woman: "Oh my God, I'm pregnant?!"
Doctor: "No, it just looks like you are."
Isn't it annoying when engineering students call themselves engineers? You don't hear medical students calling themselves doctors or art students calling themselves baristas.
Never go to your high school reunion pregnant or they will think that is all you have done since you graduated.
Might I integrate your curves tonight?
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.
Honk all you want, but if I don't eat these donuts at this green light I'll have to share them at home.
The get rich or die trying philosophy on life is going terribly one sided for me.
Life's a jungle let's go to your place and fuck like animals!
I remember as a child, lying in bed waiting for Santa to come... Then there was always that awkward silence as he got dressed and left.
Q: How many snowboarders does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 
A: 50: 3 to die trying, 1 to actually pull it off, and 46 other to say, "man, I could do that!"
Dear ladies, if you want to have more free time and have fun on the weekends, teach your men fishing!
The Thanksgiving holiday brings Americans of all races and religions together to fight over discounted electronics.
When I read about the dangers of smoking I sworn wouldn't buy any newspaper!
The plumber told me a hole boring story about pipes.
Better at sex than anyone; now all he needs is a partner.
Why, yes, I am dressed for the weather.I am wearing a house.
My wife has to be the worst cook. Her specialty is indigestion.
What do u call a white man between 2 black men... An Oreo.
What do you call a caring prostitute? Someone who gives a fuck.
Anyone have any sex laying around they're not using I could borrow?
What kind of tea do you drink with the Queen? Royal tea.
What do Brexit and Viagra have in common? They're both a cock-up.
When there are no volunteers, they get appointed.
Are you a Disney princess? Cuz your Cinder-hella-fine.
Why are black guys eyes red after sex? From the pepper spray.
Kids, you tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is, never try.
I don't care who you are, but if you're reading this I still don't care.
Baseball is my favorite sport, because you can play it on a professional level with food in your mouth.
Always wear high heels, it makes it easier to look down on him.
Why do people wear shamrocks on St. Patrick's Day? Regular rocks are too heavy.
I know that there are people who don't love their fellow man – I hate those people.
You are so tall in my eyes that they can't rise higher than your waist.
Yo mamma is so fat, the only good grade she got in school was an "A" in lunch.
I was gonna write a black joke but you wouldn't see it.
Why do they use sterilized needles for death by lethal injection?
If you're waiting for me to care, I hope you brought something to eat, 'cause it's gonna be a really long time.
What time is lunch? Is there any left after you eat?
Everyone can be dick but you are an art form of a dick.
I hate lying people, they're always in my way to the ocean.
Math puns are the first sine of madness!
What do you call a black man in a tree? A branch manager.
It's not a flaw to have a husband, but an essential drawback to have a wife.
Why did the farmer run a steamroller over his potato field on Thanksgiving Day? He wanted to raise mashed potatoes.
What's the difference between God and a Doctor? God knows he's not a Doctor!
If you feel unsure about a new haircut, ask a man if it looks okay. But ask him many, many, many times. Never be satisfied with his answer.
The Buddhist Mafia is called Karma.
I just created a new assembler for the ladies only. It is named "Org-asm".
Sports do not build character. They reveal it.
If I was an operating system, your process would have top priority.
How do you make NY Jets cookies? Put them in a bowl and beat them for three hours.
How can you tell that you're getting old? You go to an antique auction and three people bid on you!
What's a man's definition of a romantic evening? Sex.
Why can't ghost have babies? Because they have Halloweenies.
If a man goes cheats for four times, according to the rules of geometry, he will come home.
British scientists have demonstrated that cigarettes can harm your children. Fair enough, use an ashtray.
When do monkeys fall from the sky? During Ape-ril showers!
Why do rich kids have shiny white teeth? Cause they brush with coke.
Why is it that in the US: If you take off all your clothes and walk down the street waving a machete and firing an Uzi, terrified citizens will phone the police and report: "There's a naked person outside!"
I don't ignore people, I just choose to not notice them.
What's the diffrence between a black guy and a pizza? A pizza can feed a family of four.
Person of the year award has been won by a scarecrow the judges said he was outstanding in his field.
You haven't texted me since you went to bed. Are we ok?
I sent an angel to watch over you last night but he came back saying he can't watch porn...
I'm pretty sure I'm going to die without knowing what 95% of a scientific calculator is used for.
I'll show you where easter eggs come from -- you may be surprised!
Can I borrow your cellphone? I need to call animal control cause I just saw a fox!
What have eight arms and an IQ of 60? Four guys drinking Bud Light and watching a football game!
If we were stranded in a desert and a snake bit my penis, would you suck the poison out?
I have given up on my stand up comedy routines. Everybody just keeps laughing at me.
What's red and white, red and white, red and white? Sant rolling off your roof.
Before starting to stand up comedy I used to think I'll die of hunger. Now, I'm quite sure about it.
Gay? I'm straighter than the pole your mom dances on.
Woke up on the ground last night, must have fell asleep​.
That whole "letting go" of your ex is always more satisfying when they're dangling over an abyss.
You know you're fat when you step on the scale and it says "one at a time please".
What is the difference between a black and a bucket of shit? The bucket.
Why are women like parking spaces? Because all the best ones are taken and the rest are handicapped.
What did the little Mexican boy get for christmas? My bike.
Why does the alcoholic Avon lady walk funny? Because her lips stick.
What did the Zero say to the Eight? Nice belt!
I once hit a bat with a bat.
What do you call a dead Magician? A ABRACADAVA.
There's not just a straight temperature app on my smartphone. At least not a fahinhieght one there is always a cell-sius built in .
When your partner wants to have intercourse pull up a chair and start talking.
Do I play fantasy football? Dude, I'm 46 and married. Most of my life is fantasy.
Secret to success is to know who to blame for your failures.
The last chapter of every book should just be all the characters acting completely terrified because their world is about to end.
What's better than roses on your piano? Tulips on your organ.
Is the last thing that Tickle Me Elmo gets before leaving the factory two test tickles?
I used to be a lifeguard, but this blue kid got me fired.
I park in the farthest spot possible at the gym for the added benefit of eating my croissan'wich without being judged by people walking by.
What do u find in an empty nose? Finger prints.
Opinions are like arse holes. Everyone has one, but not everyone wants to hear it...
Who's your friend?
All men are idiots...and I married their king.
Condoms are for fucking pussies.
What does a woman and Kentucky Fried Chicken have in common? By the time you're finished with the breast and thighs, all you have left is the greasy box to put your bone in. 
I don't trust anything that bleeds for five days and doesn't die.
What does a man who loves his car do on February 14? He gives it a valenshine!

Life is like a shit sandwich. The more bread you have the less shit you have to eat.
My life has been all downhill ever since that one day when I emerged from my mother's womb.
To all the Dads out there, Happy Father's Day... you mother fuckers.
What did the black women get for getting an abortion? Fat cash from crime stoppers.
Why do frogs like St. Patrick's Day? Because they're always wearing green.
Any woman deserves sex, but not every woman a second time.
What's the difference between a hooker and a woman with a cold? A woman with a cold blows her nose...
What pants do ghosts wear? BOO jeans.
My girlfriend just dumped me for talking too much about video games. What a ridiculous thing to fallout 4.
Optimist: It's only 7 o' clock. Pessimist: It's already 7 o' clock. Feminist: The clock is being raped.
When I was born, the doctor came out to the waiting room and said to my father, "I'm very sorry. We did everything we could. But he pulled through."
I would tell a swimming joke, but I think it's too watered-down to be funny.
How are airplanes and women alike? They both have cockpits.
A good rule of thumb is to never hire a magician with a wife with no legs.
If you're slutty enough, every day can be Halloween.
Exaggerations went up by a million percent last year.
Why did the librarian get kicked off the plane? Because it was overbooked.
"Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart ". Does that mean Iron Man is the most beautiful person on earth?
The best thing about women is how they can tell you what you really mean when you say something...
No man has ever won a game of "Notice anything different about me?"
I haven't been ignoring you; I've been prioritizing you.
When a newly married woman smiles, all know why, but when a ten-years married woman smiles, all wonder why.
Change your Facebook Status to "I'm Pregnant" or "I'm Engaged" and watch the April Fools LIKE & Comment away.
My wife had her period at a Manchester United game, and all I got was this bloody t-shirt.
What's the difference between Stephen Hawking and the computer he's hooked up to? The computer runs.
For all the advances in medicine, there is still no cure for the common birthday.
Why wasn't the vampire working? He was on his coffin break.
The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that sex for money usually costs a lot less.
Dogs. Because when everyone looks at you like you're crazy, they look at you like you're amazing.
What do most men consider a gourmet restaurant? Any place without a drive-up window.
What cheese would you use to entice a bear out of the woods? Camembert.
What cheese is made backwards? Edam.
Best cheese to use to disguise a horse? Marscaponie.
What's the speed limit of sex? 68; at 69 you have to turn around.
Why did the snowman's daughter become a stripper? Because he was so cold to her.
My patience has stretch marks.
Looking at you is getting my dick harder than Chuck Norris
I have good looking kids. Thank goodness my wife cheats on me.
USA's been so good at the Olympics, it's trumped the rest!
Why wasnt there any blacks in the flintstones? Because they were still monkeys.
What do Eskimos get from sitting on the ice too long? Polaroids.
Next time you wave, use all your fingers.
I own the erasers for all the miniature golf pencils.
After the helicopter crash, the blond pilot was asked what happened. She replied, "It was getting chilly in there, so I turned the fan off."
We need to show compassion for the mentally ill without letting them run for President.
I went to a party and met apple there. I asked him to buy me a vodka, but Damn! He gave me a fruit punch.
My wife and I had a two-hour fight about whether or not we were fighting.
Two blondes were driving to Disneyland. The sign said, "Disneyland Left". So they started crying and went home.
Why can't single women fart? They don't get an asshole till they get married.
Lately I've been trying to touch my toes, which I don't find so complicated, but my knees just can't get it straight.
I do not know why some people don't finish their sentences, like it's really annoying...
The Titanic was built to last, let that sink in.
Did you hear about the man who was accidentally buried alive? It was a grave mistake.
You so fat that when you stepped onto a scale it said. Bitch I never asked for your phone number.
If I were a dog would you help me bury my bone?
A living dummy once proclaimed, "I'm the scariest thing in the universe, if I say so myself!".
My wife let me remove all her clothes last night. From the dryer.
What did the blonde say when she found out she was pregnant? "Are you sure it's mine?"
How do you make a blonde laugh on Saturday? Tell her a joke on Wednesday! 
I went on a date with a blonde woman last night. "Do you have any kids?" she asked. "Yes," I replied. "I have one child that's just under two." She said, "I might be blonde, but I know how many one is."
The man who discovered copper died penniless.
A hard thing about a business is minding your own.
Will you marry me? Is a marriage proposal. Will, you, Mary, me? Is a foursome proposal.
Sex to a man is like hunger. If he can't get into an expensive French restaurant, he will go to McDonalds.
I hate that feeling after surgery when you're not sure if you're awake or asleep or if you operated on the right patient.
Why is sex like a bridge game? You don't need a partner if you have a good hand.
Smoking causes cancer and sex cause HIV. Beautiful things are dangerous!
What do you call a black baby pig? A niglett.
By age 35 you should hate the last three albums by your favorite band.
I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid.
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back. 
What do you call a dumb brunette? A dirty blonde.
Knock, knock. "Who's there?" "Annie." "Annie who?" "Annie body home?"
Trust but verify.
If good things come in small packages, then more good things can come in large packages.
Love is like an ice cream girl so eat it before it melts.
What costume are you wearing for Halloween? Oh yeah, I forgot u don't need one ur ugly as hell.
I don't want your candy, what I really want is your number.
When I was a kid my mother stopped breast feeding me. I asked her why and she says "hey, I just wanna be friends."
He said "I'm going to chop off the bottom of one of your trouser legs and put it in a library."
I thought "That's a turn-up for the books."
If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you've never tried before.
The problem with sex in the movies is, that the popcorn usually spills.
I'm Only Here For The Free Food
The Italian boxing team boycotted the Olympics when they heard it was going to be one on one.
Murdered for immortality. Received life sentence.
Which tea is the most popular in psychiatries? Insanitea.
I was almost the hero once when I went out looking for a lost hiker in the woods, but when I heard him yelling 'I'm here. I'm over here.', in the distance, I realized he knew exactly where he was and wasn't lost, at all, so I called off the search.
All I'm saying is there's a reason all the best love songs have the word crazy in them...
What goes up and never comes down? Your age!
After the weekend the most difficult task is to remember names… 
What do you call it when a blonde dies their hair brunette? Artificial intelligence.
I downloaded the Pinterest app and now my phone is stuck in a mason jar.
Without going to jail, you cannot be a big politician.
A dick has a sad life. His hair's a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbor's an asshole, his best friend's a pussy, and his owner beats him.
Why should you not make fun of a crippled person? Because he can't stand the jokes.
Snowmen don't need scarves, idiots.
A Roman fighter consumed his wife. He said he was glad 'e ate 'er...
Why should blondes not be given coffee breaks? It takes too long to retrain them. 
Hey gurl, how about you make the Patriots and deflate these balls.
Grandma told me, "They should send you for death!", but I didn't make much of it since I was busy trying to remember what I came for.
Pardon me for drooling, but without my jaw, I can't help myself.
I love dangerous sex, in fact, I masturbate with no hand.
‘Do you know if pigs have periods?' ‘Are you kidding me? What idiot would keep a pig until she's 14?'
How does a black chick tell if she's pregnant? When she pulls the tampon out, all the cotton is already picked.
Why did the blonde stare at a frozen orange juice can for 2 hours? Because it said "concentrate"! 
How do you make a blonde's eyes light up? Shine a flashlight in their ear. 
How do you get a black man out of a tree? Cut the rope.
Why do blondes have TGIF on their shoes? Toes go in first!
Smart people don't call themselves smart - me included.
Do you wanna see a magic trick? Watch me pull something out of my pants!
What do you call a bunch of white people falling out of a plane? Avalanche.
Marriage and smoking are similar. You start because you want to and you continue because you have to.
Why did the blonde scale the glass wall? To see what was on the other side.
A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
Do you know what a Timberwolf is? No. Thats a guy that chases a girl up a tree and kisses her inbetween the limbs.
Why do people ask me if I'm "hiding", if I was hiding you wouldn't see me!
Two blondes fall down a well. One says to the other one, "Isn't it dark down here?" She replies, "I don't know. I can't see."
I wasn't going to co-exist until I saw your bumper sticker.
How do you get a blonde to marry you? Tell her she's pregnant.
Why did the blond get fired from the banana plantation? Because she threw out all the bent ones.
Born free, taxed to death.
How do you drown a blonde? Put a scratch and sniff at the bottom of the bathtub.
If I was addicted to masturbation, and then became addicted to sex, would it be safe to say that my addiction got out of hand?
I'm not a Nazi I'm just asking if Jew mad, cause I'm führerious!
There are smart men, handsome men, rich men, sexy men and sweet men and then there is the combination of all. We call that one a "unicorn"
A blonde said, "I was worried that my mechanic might try to rip me off, I was relieved when he told me all I needed was turn-signal fluid." 
What did the blonde say when she saw Cheerios? Donut seeds.
Hey baby, there's an OverflowException in my pants, care to handle it for me?
Don't let an extra chromosome get you down.
At school I graduated second to a lamp, he was too bright for me.
Do you want to see something stupid? Look in the mirror!
Why does Dwyane Wade wear number 3? Because that's a number of minutes he can stay on the court without getting hurt.
I'm not dumb, I just have a lot of blonde moments.
Did you hear they banned fans from doing "The Wave" at all sports events? Too many blondes were drowning.
Does your train of thought have a caboose?
I'm blonde. What's your excuse?
How does a blonde high-five? She smacks herself in the forehead. 
A blonde heard that accidents happen close to home so she moved!
Save money by sleeping a lot.
Is that shirt (those pants) mad of camel skin? (No, why?) Cause I noticed the humps!
If you love a woman, you shouldn't be ashamed to show her to your wife.
How does a blonde drown a fish? She puts it in water!
When you die your voice gets added to the Big Bang Theory laugh track.
Son: "What's an inheritance?"
Me: "Nothing you need to be concerned with."
Santa's lap isn't the only place wishes come true.
Girl, you got more legs than a bucket of chicken!
Baby you're so cute you made my page 404.
Why don't witches wear panties? They get a better grip on their brooms!
I'll get you wetter than a Scottish summer.
Loltard: Someone who uses 'lol' too much.
What happened when an icicle landed on the snowman's head? It knocked him out cold.
What's the difference between women and wine? Wine gets better with age.
The sight of a woman's cleavage reduces a man's ability to think clearly by 50%... per boob!
What's six inches long that women love? Folding money.
All of these people here talking about how they love with their whole heart... I'm just happy I didn't bite anyone today.
What's most interesting song? My girlfriend 's fart.
"Orion's Belt is a big waist of space." Terrible joke. Only three stars.
What did the big black guy say, when the hot midget chick asked him for sex? "I Don't Get Down Like That"
How do you know if you're an ugly girl? If you know what the drinks cost at a bar.
You're so poor that when you light up a Lucifer, the cockroaches celebrate that they finally have central heating.
I estimate I have enough energy to attend two more social events in my lifetime.
I don't work here. I'm a consultant.
If anything is used to its full potential, it will break.
Drinking too much coffee can cause a latte problems.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his ass.
Jesus fed 5,000 people with two fishes and a loaf of bread. That's not a miracle. That's tapas.
I could never figure out why I was never any good at math!
Just stayed a night in the YMCA... I don't want to make a song and dance of it.
Clinton lied. A man might forget where he parks or where he lives, but he never forgets oral sex, no matter how bad it is.
New Years Eve forecast: Mostly drunk with a slight chance of passing out.
Your as worthless as, Tits on a boar hog.
I'm in the mood to multiply
What food describes most men? Jerky.
A cheap shot is a terrible thing to waste.
A penis is like a Rubik's Cube - the more you play with it, the harder it gets.
If you rearrange the letters in "Vladimir Putin" you get murdered.
What did the caveman give his wife on Valentine's Day? Ughs and kisses!
Don't make me use UPPERCASE.
What do Lifesavers do that a man can't? Come in eight flavors.
If you're going to ride my ass at least pull my hair and make me scream!
What does a hockey player and a magician have in common? Both do hat tricks!
Why do black women where high heels? So their knuckles don't drag.
How old would you be if you didn't know how old you was?
I swear to drunk I'm not God, but seriously, stay in drugs, eat school, and don't do vegetables.
How can you tell when the Mexicans have moved into your neighborhood? The Blacks get car insurance.
Someone just honked their horn to get me out of my parking space quicker so now we will both be here until we're dead.
Nothing brings neighbors together, like a broken elevator.
Interviewer: "Why do you want this job?"
Me: "I've just always been very passionate about not starving to death."
Do people who go to the gym to "feel the burn" know nothing of Mexican food?
I thought you'd be flattered that my dog found your leg so attractive.
Paid love costs less.
What do you call always having a date for New Year's Eve? Social Security.
You have enough fat to make another human.
She's looking for a man to take her breath away. Hopefully gagging counts
You had me at cello.
What do you call a blonde with pig tails? A blowjob with handlebars.
Stretchy shrink-wrap can be loads of fun. You can get it at most office supply stores. Completely wrap a friend's car, bike, or motorcycle. Extra credit: leave a large pink bow on top.
How do Rednecks celebrate Halloween? Pump kin!
You have more chins than Chinatown.
What are two reasons why men don't mind their own business? 1. No mind. 2. No business.
Where does Dracula keep his valuables? In a blood bank.
What did the turkeys sing on Thanksgiving Day? God save the kin.
I was chasing a black robber at 2 am and he suddenly vanished in-front of me, how can that be? Because he dissolved in the night.
What did the Asian parent say during the DNA test? That's Yu!
Girl: My GrandFather Lived For 96 Years & He Never Used Glasses. Boy: Yeah I Know, Few People Drink Directly From Bottle.
How are women and linoleum floors alike? You lay them right the first time and you can walk all over them for the next 20 years.
Despite my last 12,000 tweets, I'm actually really fun.
That's not a candy cane in my pocket. I'm just glad to see you!
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib!
What do you call Dinner and Breakfast? Dickfeast!
My girlfriend told me to go out and get something that makes her look sexy... so I got drunk.
I wonder how many miles I've scrolled with my thumb.
Sometimes I think I am a bad mother because I don't like wine.
I would tell a history joke, but they're too old fashioned.
How do you know if a police officer is gay? The smell of his mustache.
Wanna expand my polynomial?
I drink to forget that I accidentally once said "I love you" when ending a call with a customer service rep.
Life is like oral sex, one slip of the tongue and you're in the shit.
What's the most common sleeping position of a man? Around. 

How do you tell if a chick's too fat to f*ck? When you pull her pants down and her ass is still in them.
What did the blonde say when someone blew in her ear? Thanks for the refill. 
Excuse me, but do you like whales? (yeah, why) Cause I was thinking that we could "humpback" at my place.
What do you call a snowman orgy? A snowball fight.
You are my methods. I am nothing without you.
My kid just called Child Protective Services because he still has an iPhone 5S.
Sweating like a lost goat wandering past a hungry Bedouin.
Why was the blonde so proud of herself? She finished a puzzle in 5 hours, the box said 3-5 years.
What's the definition of black foreplay? Don't scream or I'll kill you.
What do you call a blonde between two brunettes? A mental block.
Why do women have vaginas? So men will talk to them.
What do you call a 5-gallon drum stuffed full of white people? A cracker barrel.
Squirrels – nature's speed bumps.
What is Gods favorite car? A Prius.
In my bed, it's perpetual motion all night long, baby.
I'm a people person, but from a distance.
Wanna play guns? Bend over and I'll cock you.
What did the giraffe say to the zebra when his mom called him home? Zebra later!
Where do you find a no-legged dog? Right where you left him.
Why does Santa Claus have such a big sack? He only comes once a year.
What do you call a bird at a party? A party fowl.
How many Jews does it take to screw in a light bulb? None, unless you pay them.
What is a blonde's favorite color? Glitter.
Statistically, 9 out of 10 people enjoy gang-rape.
Life's like a bird, it's pretty cute until it shits on your head.
NASA is sending traditionalist Christians to the red planet... Amish on to Mars.
My girlfriend told me she wanted to be treated like a princess. So I put her in the back of a Mercedes and drove into a wall.
Americans pay for gym memberships and for people to mow their lawns.
If pink and glitter were vitamins blondes would be the healthiest people alive.
 What is it called when a blonde blows in another blond's ear? Data transfer. 
We all have one ginger friend that claims to be "strawberry blonde".
What would you get if you crossed Christmas with St. Patrick's Day? St. O'Claus!
Champions Levi's and Fila belong to cheap people that's why only Mexicans wear them.
When the bank gives my kid a lollipop I take it and eat it because I want him to understand how banks really work.
A wise dog once told me: "Life is like a box of chocolates... it kills you."
Finally I got laid on top of a how woman, I was on the upper berth and she on the lower one.
Why can't blind people eat fish? Because it's sea food.
What do you call 100 niggers on the bottom of the sea? A good start.
Back in my day, we didn't watch TV while we ate dinner. We actually talked to each other. It was awful.
In our youth we were so pretention in our vision of lustful attractiveness, but with advancing age we can now appreciate one's beauty within, thank goodness, because now we are rightfully mirror shy.
Why did the lady snowman divorce her husband? She found out he was going to a snow blower.
What does Santa say when he is sick? OH OH NO!
Why do birds fly south in the Fall? Because it's too far to walk.
They call me the cat whisperer, cause I know exactly what the pussy needs.
My wife is not buying that autocorrect changed "You're psychic" to "You're psycho."
Me in my 20's: "Dresses like I'm on the catwalk."
Me in my 30's: "dresses like I walk cats."
5 out of 6 scientists say Russian Roulette is safe.
Black magic.... It doesn't work.
Hear the slogan for the Stealth Condom? "They'll never see you coming."
Can I trade this job for what's behind door number 1?
Why don't women have men's brains?
Because they don't have penises to put them in.
Wife to husband: "I'm pregnant!" 
Husband: "You're kidding me!"
They said too much of everything is bad... But too much of goodness ain't bad?
Dance Dance Revolution is an intense game but an even more intense to-do list
Women celebrate after sex. Men go to the chiropractor after sex.
What's the difference between a sidewalk, a drug dealer, and a prostitute? Sidewalks crack doesn't leave an odor!
How does broccoli use a cellphone? He cauliflower.
How about a month filled with stress and obligation? - Pitch for December
Dance like your microwave isn't watching.
I carried weed in coffin used to do sins so I can roam in hell to taste some more bad bitches.
Why was the snowman so brave? Because he had big snow balls.
Smoking is a slow death! But we're not in a hurry…
She is putting pasta up her ass call that pennetration. I prefer pasta on her chest. Spaghettits.
Next time you order coffee at Starbucks tell them your name is Bueller and then leave the store.
I can't decide which room not to clean first.
Celebrate Thanksgiving the American way: spend money you don't have on Chinese products.
People come and go but birthdays do accrue.
Is your name Jingle Bells, cause you look like you go all the way
Every time you open your mouth, some idiot starts talking.
I heard the next Steve Jobs movie will be on IMAX. It's the same movie, just on a bigger screen.
Identity theft is the most diabolical way someone can compliment you on doing a good job at life.
The difference between divorce and legal separation is that a legal separation gives a husband time to hide his money.
Nobody works harder than a drunk person trying to carefully whisper a secret.
What did one boob say to the other boob? You are my breast friend!
I'll bet your parents hit the JERKpot!
What is the world's biggest oxymoron. Black People.
What is the cheapest meat you can buy? Deer balls. There under a buck.
If I was a squirrel I'd chuck my nuts in your hole!
Hey baby, I heard that rabbits, can make 150 babies a year, how many do you think we can make in an hour?
A woman about sex has to know ‘why?' and a man ‘where?'
Why the chicken cross the road? To look for his cock.
What's the definition of a male chauvinist pig? A man who hates every bone in a woman's body, except his own.
I'm pretty sure Twitter is the smoking section of Facebook.
Was invited to a birthday party last evening but didn't have a Blast. Hardly any Bombs!
My room + internet connection + music + food – homework = perfect day.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
Don't feel sad, don't feel blue, Frankenstein was ugly too.
I hate when people use words without knowing the meaning... gives me a huge hysterectomy on the side of my head.
What are you going to be on Halloween? You'll probably be a vegan menu.
16 Blondes are standing outside the bar. Why didn't they go in? The sign said 18+.
I was at an ATM and this old lady asked me to help check her balance, so I pushed her over.
Why did the woman cross the road? Never mind that, what the fuck is she doing out of the kitchen?
Ever have sex while camping? Take my word when I say it's fucking intents.
Hear about the new gay sitcom? "Leave it, it's Beaver." 
Swine Flu is the only thing left in Mexico that still does its job.
My parents read the book I was writing. They said they hope the main character dies. It was an autobiography.
I hugged someone once and they expected it every time they saw me. I'll never do that again.
Your mom just got a ticket when she dropped you off for school.
Ever notice that people who spend money on beer, cigarettes, and lottery tickets are always complaining about being broke and not feeling well?
Just turned wine into barf. Your move, Jesus.
What does a black person get for Christmas? Your bike.
Do you have 11 protons? Cause your sodium fine.
Me: Let's stay in bed. Me also: Good idea.
My love for you is like a fart. Everything about it is powered by my heart.
Nobody puts Baby in a corner.
Many a man owes his success to his first wife and his second wife to his success.
Some cause happiness wherever they go. Others whenever they go.
It is always the wrong time of month.
Your lips are the whitest I've come across.
How does a farmer count cows? with a cow-calculator.
Yo momma is so stupid when I told her Christmas is right around the corner she went looking for it.
Everyone can find one person or three cats waiting for him.
To make a millennial laugh, just tell them how people used to believe a business or government would actually keep information confidential.
Please don't eat me! I have a wife and kids... ... ...Eat them!
Did you hear Vaseline is coming out with new labels for its petroleum jelly? They're going to have a picture of missing gerbils on it.
I am rarely more focused on 5 seconds than when I'm waiting to skip an ad on the internet.
In America, you find a party, in Russia, party always finds you.
I think I've discovered my supersymmetric partner.
Q: What's the difference between England and a teabag? 
A: A teabag could stay in the cup for longer.
I called in sick this morning on account of diarrhea. My boss told me to get my shit together.
Why is Justing Bieber like a shotgun? Give him a cock and he will blow!
I'm no racist I have four black tires and color tv.
Did something bad happen to you or are you just naturally ugly.
Did it hurt when you felt from heaven?
Yeah, I died 5 years ago, like that puck up line.
Is that a bat in your pocket, or does my costume excite you?
How do you drown a submarine full of blondes? Knock on the door.
Hear about the new drug for lesbians? Trycocksagain.
Why did the summer school teacher wear sunglasses? Because her class was so bright!
Why did the blonde snort artificial sweetener? She thought it was diet coke.
You're the reason why women earn 75 cents to the dollar.
Why do dogs make good sailors? They know their knots.
Boy: Have u ever been fishing before Girl: Why? Boy: I think we should hook up!
God, grant me the serenity to accept the terms and conditions I do not read.
If I survived a plane crash in the wilderness, my biggest concern would be how much my airport parking bill would be.
I don't believe in myths like the one that states you have a brain.
Why can't gays drive faster than 68mph? Because at 69 they blow a rod.
My girlfriend broke up with me because I stole her wheelchair.  I knew she'd come crawling back to me.
When you want to marry a beautiful, a smart and a rich woman – marry three times.
What can strike a blonde without her even knowing it? A thought.
I can count the number of times I've been to Chernobyl on one hand. It's seven.
Men? On the whole, I'd rather buy new batteries.
What day does an Easter egg hate the most? Fry-days.
You want an insult? Right, look at the mirror.
What is the difference between Scientology and Christianity? People don't believe in scientology.
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? Pregnant.
How can you make a gay man scream twice? Fudge him real hard. Then wipe your dick off on his curtains.
What travels around the world but stays in one corner? A stamp. 
Let's get married and have kids so instead of enjoying coffee in the morning you can braid hair while I pack lunches and we can all be late.
Loneliness is when you get an e-mail but it's from the newsgroup server.
I liked beer so much that my family didn't know I drank until they saw me sober!
How many Jews can you fit in a Voltswagen? 2 in the front, 3 in the back, 8 million in the ash tray.
Today on Twitter, I lost a follower. Now I know how Jesus feels everyday.
Did you hear about the homosexual letter? Only came in male boxes.
People with diarrhea don't have their shit together.
Man: "When I bend my arm like this it hurts?"
Doctor: "Well, stop doing it!"
Most turkeys taste better the day after. My mother's tasted better the day before.
Which is the word that starts with M and ends in ARRIAGE and it is man's favorite thing? Miscarriage!
Why can't men get mad cow disease? Because they're all pigs.
My grandma told me her joints are getting weaker, so I told her to roll them tighter.
What travels at 200km's a hour? A black man hearing a dollar drop to the ground.
Dates a zombie: so someone finally likes me for my brain.
My boss touched me inappropriately at work today. It's okay though, I'm self-employed.
How about I slip down your chimney, at half past midnight?
Careful! Angry dog in the backyard! Please do not crush him.
If you go to sleep with a itching ass you will wake up with a stinking finger...
The fantasy part of fantasy football is that 10 wives would all let their husbands out on the same night for the draft.
I have more talent in my smallest fart than you have in your entire body.
You're so pretty, you could be in a beer commercial.
What are the three words women hate to hear during sex? "Honey, I'm home!"
He died doing what he loved, checking his mentions while driving.
What's the most popular pick up line in a gay bar? Can I push your stool in?
Halloween is easily the scariest night of the year, what with the dead rising from their graves... and fat girls thinking they look sexy dressed as cats.
Are you Greek (If No) are you sure cause you look like a goddess to me?
A Nurse finds a rectal thermometer in her pocket and says "aww some asshole got my pen".
What do you call a fly buzzing inside a blonde's head? A Space Invader. 
How is a woman like a road? They both have manholes.
How are gay people like mice? They both hate pussies.
You can't spell Advertisements without putting semen between tits.
The wife of my friend is not a woman to me. But if she's pretty he's not my friend.
Life is a lot like a penis - soft, relaxed and hanging free... then a woman makes it hard.
Baby, you've bought yourself a cruise on the Love Boat. I'll be your captain.
2 reasons I don't give money to homeless people:
1. They would spend it on alcohol.
2. I want to spend it on alcohol.
Why do Eskimos build Igloos with a hole out front? So you can see Inuit.
Remember all those memories from being a kid, like the time you got in the van and realized the man didn't have any candy?
What's the difference between an Aussie and a Yoghurt? A Yoghurt's got culture!
How do you get Pikachu onto the bus? You Pokemon.
Seminar "How to avoid frauds" is canceled. Tickets are non-refundable.
What do Michelangelo and Kurt Cobain have in common? They both used their brains to paint the ceiling.
I bet even your farts smell good.
And on the sixth day, God created man first so that he could enjoy a few minutes on Earth without saying the wrong thing to a woman.
My mate broke his left arm and left leg, but he was alright.
Screw the nice list, I've got you on my "nice and naughty list!
If you understand English, press 1. If you do not understand English, press 2. Recording on an Australian tax help line.
Why couldn't the dinosaur clap his hands? Because they're dead.
Men mostly hate two words: 'not' and 'enough'… unless you say them together.
I like to have a Frappuccino each morning with my Breakfast... I'm a Cereal Frapist.
I hate when people ask for likes... Like if you agree!
Why do white people always go to black people's garage sales? To get their stuff back!
Why don´t women have men´s brains? Because they don't have penises to put them in
Most of the people dream of not working and having lots of money. During an economic crisis 50 % of those dreams came true.
How do you confuse a blonde? You don't. They're born that way! 
What did the Mexican man say when his house fell on him? Get off me homes.
What do apples and black people have in common? They both look good hanging from a tree.
Those days I only knew six words if you count muther fucker as two.
What did the black girl say while having sex? Dad get off me your crushing my ciggies.
"Because it would be hilarious," is probably not a good reason to elect someone to be president.
A beautiful woman delights a man's eye, an ugly – woman's eye.
Even if you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid!
You might be a crack head... If your dog weighs more than you do... Here's your sign.
When I was young I did stupid things because I didn't know any better. Now I know better and do stupid things because I miss being young.
Why was the blonde so disappointed when she got her license? She had gotten an F in sex!
A black guy at work asked me where the colored printer was. I replied, "It's 2018, you can use any printer you want."
A 'Jim's Dozen' is 11, because I take one for myself.
Wanna meet Santa's little helper?
When Michael Jackson died, all of his songs were played during his funeral and for his commemoration. So what if Mia Khalifa died?
Nope. Not gonna follow anyone whose name is upside down. I got enough problems.
When I said "I was afraid of the dentist", I meant the bill.
Great big polar bear(she says what?) It broke the ice!
What does a Ghost say on 12/31? Happy New Fear!/Happy boo year!
You know I would love to show you the toys my elves make for adults.
If you didn't take a selfie at the gym, were you really there?
Why do blondes always wash there hair? They just read the instructions. Lather... Rinse... Repeat...
Why is a blonde like a railway track? She gets laid all over the country.
Girl:want to have a good time Guy:sure Girl:for you its free
Two blondes fell down a hole. One said, "It's dark in here isn't it?" The other replied, "I don't know; I can't see."
Did you hear about the tailor who shredded all the neckwear? His company severed all ties.
Tried to make a joke about putting Marijuana in the Dryer... All I got was Tumbleweed.
I just read the average age to lose your virginity is 17 years old. I'm finally above average for something.
In 34 years I've said I love you to two women and every dog I've ever seen.
If a dog sniffs your ass, you're probably a bitch.
My hot girlfriend broke up with me the other day... But she said, "Chester, we can still be cousins."
Welcome to Twitter - if you are not already following a mom who drinks wine one will be assigned to you.
I thought reverse psychology was when you made your therapist cry.
What is a runner's favourite subject in school? Jog-raphy!
I've got a new anorexic girlfriend. It's not going too well though. I'm just seeing less and less of her...
The only dates I get these days are software updates.
Five Secrets of Successful People:1. Don't 2. Tell 3. Anyone 4. Your 5. Secrets
I went to a seafood diner last night. I pulled a mussell.
Why do Jehovah's witnesses hate Halloween? They don't like people knocking on their door!
You're riding the crest of a slump?
If a giraffe had a sore throat, how many lozenges would it need to make it better?
At Comic Con, all I could think was how happy these people's moms must be to have the house to themselves for a few hours.
What's long and green and has a low I.Q.? A St. Patrick's Day Parade.
God sees everything. Neighbors – even more... Tell me who I am and I will tell you who you are...
You need some more fuel for that fire? Cause I got some wood for you right here.
I always wanted to be just like my mother. Today I'm working on dramatically clutching my throat when I'm told the price of anything.
My friend stopped by to tell me he had just been diagnosed as Dyslexic. Said he was going home to write it in his dairy.
A magician was driving down the road and turned into a shopping mall.
I'm just a burned out bulb on the billboard of life.
Why did the downhill skier take off all his clothes? Because he wanted to get windblown.
My dad finally left me a voicemail where  he didn't introduce himself. I think we're getting closer.
Did it hurt when you fell down from Heaven?
I'd like to say the best moment of a woman's life is giving birth, but it's actually seeing an old nemesis and realizing she got really fat.
Did you hear about the bonfire? I heard it was lit.
I guess the Tupperware lids in my house just graduate and go off to college or something.
Believe me if you ever saw it, you would even say it glows!
What's the best thing about 28 year old's? There's 20 of them.
Oh no! Help! I'm under a tack!
Unfortunately, but sometimes a woman can't find herself a man. She doesn't like the drunken ones, and the sober ones doesn't like her.
The fastest land mammal is a toddler who's been asked what's in their mouth.
Men are like placemats, they only show up when there's food on the table. 
Why should you send your sweetie a valentine? Because you always heart the one you love.

Love is like peeing yourself – everyone can see but only you feel the warmth.
You better hope you marry rich.
I drink straight out a of the wine bottle while cooking. I think that's what they mean by reducing it.
What is the difference between a Mexican and a book? A book has papers.
What did the boy cat say to the girl cat on Valentine's Day? You're purrr-fect for me!
What do heroin, jaywalking and prostitution have in common? They're all illegal, but people do them anyway.
I traded my Wifey for Wi-Fi! I'm now a refurbished [email protected]
If you wet your feet your throat will reject. If you ‘wet' your throat your feet will reject. 
Do you know how much a polar bear weighs? (no) me neither but enough to break the ice, hi my name is .....
What's a crocodile's favorite shoe? A Crocs.
Drugs are like guns, black people love them, but they never seem to be stealing them as to dealing.
Marijuana is the gateway drug to taking 45 minutes to pick out which color Gatorade you want to buy.
I typed "married" but it was auto-corrected to "martyred". Damn,smartphone has gained intelligence.
Well it took forever but I just paid the pizza guy entirely with the quarters I found behind his ears.
Alcohol not only expands the blood vessels but also communications.
Did you hear about the gay guy who got kicked off the golf course? He was playing with too many strokes.
If I was smarter, I would know so much more stuff.
What did Donald Trump say to Dora The Explorer while playing Uno? "Ok, you tortilla stop jumping and stealing all the green cards."
You know you're getting old when clerks start calling you honey.
Why do I always know where to go when I am canoeing? Because I "canoe" it.
Why did the man wear his wedding ring on the wrong finger? Because he was married to the wrong woman.
A beautiful girl looks good in the background of her smart friend.
A birth certificate is an apology from the government that you are now indentured and a social security number that you are no longer a sovereign.
I'm rubber and you're glue. She's tape. He's a stapler. Those guys are paper clips. All my friends are office supplies.
Why don't you throw a rock at a black kid on a bike? You might hit your bike.
The difference between the Pope and your boss. The Pope only expects you to kiss his ring. 
‘Who the hell allowed me to be born in this stupid head?' a Thought said and killed herself…
If cats could text you back, they wouldn't.
5 y.o.: Why do people congratulate you when Mom is the one making the baby? Me: I helped 5: How? Me: 5: Me: I read her the instructions
Relationship between men and women is psychological. She is psycho and he is logical.
My penis was in the Guinness book of world records. Then the librarian told me to take it out.
Ice-T was diagnosed with Parkinsons. Now he's using the stage name Chocolate Shake.
New Year's Day: Now is the accepted time to make your regular annual good resolutions. Next week you can begin paving hell with them as usual.
What do you call a man having a seizure in a pile of leaves? Russell.
I speak Swedish with an Ikea accent.
When you were born your mom said: "It's a treasure."
Dad said: "Ya let's bury."
How do you keep a Jew out of a canoe? With chips.
The speed of light is when you take out a bottle of beer out of the fridge before the light comes on.
I want to ask you out, but I've got butterflies in my stomach. And worms. And maggots. And..
I can't afford aromatherapy so I just randomly sniff stuff and hope.
I once crashed into a cow pasture. I was in for a beef of trouble.
I'm never wrong! One time, I thought I was wrong, but I was mistaken!
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Don't hate me because I'm beautiful. Hate me because your boyfriend thinks so.
I like the sound of you not talking.
What mobile game do coke addicts play? Nose Candy Crush.
There were plenty of lookers-on but no witnesses. 
Be it any situation but your friends are gonna be there with you probably asking for a treat!
Don't tell a lot about yourself, behind your back will tell more interestingly about you.
I'm a prince in Lagos, Nigeria and I want you to help me move $500 million out of the country.
Interested in seeing the "North Pole"? (Well, that's what the Mrs. calls it)
No checks (Czechs are welcome).
What cake makes you feel uncomfortable? Stomachache.
Have you ever tried camping sex? No, well its fucking in tents!
The wind was so strong last night I really struggled to light my cigarette. Eventually, after 20 minutes of trying, I gave in and stopped my motorbike on the hard shoulder.
What do you call a mexican rolling in sand? A churro.
A wise man once said, "There is safety in numbers". Yeah?! Well, tell that one to six million Jews!
Love is like Heaven... It makes me wish I was dead.
Trump invited Putin to Washington because it's customary to take a tour of your new home before you move in.
I may not have a dick but you're a massive one!
A new poll suggests that most people will likely finish reading any sentence that starts with "A new poll suggests."
Girl: "Every thing that comes out of you mouth is stupid!" Me: "You."
Please, Lady, come home with me. You never know what I'll turn into, at midnight!
What's the difference between an aerobics instructor and a dentist? A dentist lets you sit down while he hurts you.
I saw my black neighbour's house being raided, I have no idea as to why. Later did I find out that the crime rate in my area dropped by 50%
Please keep me in your thoughts and prayers right now. Nothing is going on, I'm just a narcissist.
What does a penis and an ego have in common? All men have one! 
What sound does a bouncing plane make? Boeing.
You're so fat you tried to eat Eniemen at the Grammies.
Kyle: "Dude, why is my netflix DVD out in the snow?" 
Ben: "Well, I heard the coolest thing on the internet right now is netflix and CHILL!"
The girls in my local strip club are so good with computers they do lap top dancing.
Me: I don't scare easily. Pregnant wife: All four of our daughters will be teenagers at the same time. Me: *never stops screaming*
I thought it was my birthday cake but it was just the shed on fire.
I feel sorry for wild animals because it's like they're always camping without beer.
What does a drug addict dream about on Christmas Eve? Building a snowman using only cocaine.
Q: What is the difference between a chicken and a turkey?
A: Chickens celebrate Thanksgiving!
What is big,black,and long? The line at KFC.
You know, you're not that bad looking -- for a fat-ass.
A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory.
Your eyes are as blue as my toilet water at home.
A gay says: "Dick has been made only for the ass; if it was suitable for pussy it should be made like an axe!
Why are blacks good at hide and seek in the dark? Because they blend in.
I love coffee. It's Redbull for old people.
A cubicle is just a padded cell without a door.
Her love makes my world go round.
Every day I spend a few hours on a running track. Next week I might even turn it on.
Everybody loves success, but they hate successful people.
Why did the gay man get mad at his boyfriend? He told him to straighten up.
Why did the chicken cross the Möbius strip? To get to the same side!
Why is it good to have a blonde passenger? You can park in the handicap zone. 
When I was at school, fifty two percent of the class were good at maths. I was one of the other thirty eight percent.
What's the origin of the word "Boob"? The "B" is the aerial view, the "oo" is the front view, the "b" is the side view.
I need to get a Transformer for my son for Christmas but it's sold out. I am an optimist primarily so I remain hopeful.
My take home pay won't even get me home.
Regular naps prevent old age, especially if you take them while driving.
She's so wrinkled, her mother was a Shar Pei.
You're so dumb you thought quarter backs was a change machine.
Thanks to Heroin I think I'm addicted to needles.
Are you an exception? I bet I can catch you.
Drink green beer on St Patricks Day! It counts as a vegetable!
My track record as an adult is mostly false starts, hurdles and running around in a circle.
Happy Valentines Day, who's your date today, your mom?
Never agree to plastic surgery if the doctor's office is full of portraits by Picasso.
I have three kids, one of each.
Gurl, you remind me of a box of chocolates.....(Why?) Cause I want to take your top off.
Did you hear about the girl who fell asleep on the Synagogue steps? She woke up with a heavy dew on her.
What do you call a fag in a wheel-chair? Roll-AIDS.
Sorry, I'm late. I got here as soon as I felt like it.
You know those people using bibles on their phones? They are using phony bibles.
What does tightrope walking and getting a blowjob from Grandma have in common? You don't look down.
If you got tired of living, don't share your thoughts with all your friends – they might not give you a chance to change your mind…
Sex discriminates against the shy and the ugly.
Can someone just invent a mirror that takes pictures already!
They are doing a sequel to Finding Dory where she discovers she has cancer and searches for a cure. It's called Finding Chemo.
Girl, we can play zoo..and you can tame my monkey
Everything is rightly confused.
To a young housewife: remember that a small bottle of vodka not only will decorate the table but also will hide your cooking mistakes.
Promising thread. Keep them cumming!
Masturbating is wrong in some people's eyes... Also, it burns.
What did the egg say to the boiling water? It will take a minute for me to get hard I just got laid by a chick
Son, when I was your age there was no social media. You had to go to a bar and buy endless drinks to be ignored by multiple women.
What's the difference between a mechanic and a doctor? A mechanic fixes his mistakes... A doctor buries his.
You can have too much of a good thing: birthdays.
It's a pleasure to see you and another – not to see.
Trump won't get re-elected if we just stop fixing our grandparents' WiFi.
What's the only drink size they allow in North Korea? A supreme liter.
There was only 2 things I was good at in school... Maths.
Our family motto is "Who took my phone charger?"
What did one telephone say to another? "You are too young to be engaged!"
Q: What's faster than a black guy stealing your TV? 
A: A bullet from a white man's gun.
Math problems were invented by men, just so women would be wrong some of the time.
How can you tell when a Gold Wing rider is having an affair? His helmet doesn't match the passengers.
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
What did Hitler get his niece for her birthday? A easy bake oven but with the Jews sold separate.
If you were a pole I would dance all over you.
Some people only gets called by their nicknames. Usually it sounds weird to even say their real name.
My life is an open book. But it's very poorly written and I die in the end.
I love my FedEx guy cause he's a drug dealer and he doesn't even know it — and he's always on time.
A lorry-load of tortoises crashed into a trainload of terrapins, I thought "That's a turtle disaster".
We never knew he was a drunk... until he showed up to work sober.
What are the worst six years in a blonde's life? Third Grade!
Got asked by two Thai girls if I wanted a threesome. They said it would be like winning the lottery. To my horror they were right. We had 6 matching balls.
Why do volleyball player want to join the armed forces? For the chance to gain some experience in the service.
America where we celebrate Memorial Day with mattress sales.
The Shining is my favorite movie about what can happen when you spend too much time with family.
Why did God create alcohol? So ugly people would have a chance to have sex.
Whats black and brown and looks good on a black guy? A Rottweiler.
You're so ugly, even Hello Kitty says goodbye.
What's black and white and red all over? Santa covered with chimney soot.
If our president decides to get rid of all the retarded people in the U.S., you will be the first one to go!
My uncle died in 9-11. He was the greatest pilot in all of Saudi Arabia.
3-year-old: *stares at the baby* What does it do? Me: Nothing yet. She's not here to entertain you. 3: Me: 3: Can we get one that is?
Deja Vu – When you think you're doing something you've done before, it's because God thought it was so funny, he had to rewind it for his friends.
Darling, you are the most beautiful woman in this party! Did you invite these guests on purpose?
I'm at the age where I can't keep up with all the things I hate.
Where do snowmen go to donate their sperm? The snowbank.
Hi, Can I domesticate you?
I don't date older women because it takes too long to listen to their life story.
I need some band-aids I'm getting cut from all this working out.
I accidentally took an extra step when I reached the top of the stairs and now I'm in a marching band.
You look like the grinch with plastic surgery gone wrong!
You don't sweat much for a fat chick.
I'm not a Facebook status, you don't have to like me.
Why did the chink fail his blood test? He didn't study!
"Dad, how do stars die?" "Usually an overdose."
What do you tell someone you didn't see at New Year's Eve? I haven't seen you for a year!
My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from local zoo.
I'm being managed by Don King again
What do they do with blacks after they die? Gut them and use them as wetsuits.
Whenever I fill out an application, in the part that says "If an emergency, notify:" I put "DOCTOR". What's my mother going to do?
I've been waiting to get a book on how to commit suicide from the library but the last guy hasn't brought it back.
How can you tell when a woman is about to say something smart? When she starts a sentence with "a man once told me".
Where do cows go on their summer vacation? Moo York.
What do perverted leprechauns drink on St. Patricks Day? Mount & Do.
How do you get a sweet little 80-year-old lady to say the F word? Get another sweet little 80-year-old lady to yell *BINGO*!
On St. Patrick's Day I like to make believe I'm Irish. Just like at Christmas when I make believe I'm good.
Politics is just show business for ugly people.
For my wife's birthday, I bought her a fridge freezer. I know it's not much, but you should have seen her face light up when she opened it.
Why did the female snowman delete Tinder? She was getting too many snow cone pics.
Please spread the word. Sure, no problem! W o r d.
The trick to really enjoying someone's company is to not spend a lot of time with them.
How do you get off a non-stop flight?
I've seen a lot of great photos of babies in my life, so if you want my like on Facebook you better bring it.
I think Facebook needs a group so gingers can mark themselves as safe in this heat.
The main thing I want this holiday season is for someone to wake me when it's over.
If I had a dollar for everytime I had an existential crisis it wouldnt matter because currency is a social construct and life is meaningless.
Want to take a look at my benefit package?
Autocorrect changed Morning Run to Morning Rum. Change Of Plans, Guys!
Did you hear about the 2 gay men that got into a fight in a bar? They were ejected for exchanging blows.
What has eight arms and an IQ of 80? Four girlfriends drinking on St Patricks Day!
Mattel has a campaign urging girls to pursue their limitless potential. It's called You Can Be Anything Except A Woman With Barbie's Body.
Bills travel through the mail at twice the speed.
You can break a girl's head with a simple stone, and with a precious stone, you can break a girl's heart. But the wise say it is better with a simple one.
My friend told me he had a sister. I asked if she was hot and he said she was 8. That wasn't my question.
How did the snowman lose his head? Someone sat on his face.
Don't drink and drive because you might spill the drink.
Don't forget Mother's Day. Or as they call it in Beverly Hills, Dad's Third Wife Day.
Why do Mexicans re-fry beans? Because they can't do anything right the first time.
Titanic was such a beautiful movie, it always gets me. Makes me wanna go on a cruise like that one day.
What is the definition of "making love"? Something a woman does while a guy is screwing her.
What has a whole bunch of little balls and screws old ladies? A bingo machine.
Why do gay men fake orgasms? Because they will be in deep shit if they don't!
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just cant hold it in!
My apocalypse survival plan is to die immediately.
If the music's too loud you're too old.
At my funeral the priest will throw my corpse into the crowd and whoever catches it will be the next to die.
I hope you like beef because we will eat that when we meat.
My mom comes into my room with my grades, and one of them have a zero, and she asks, "Why does it say that this is incomplete?" I say, "It was optional." For me it was optional.
The recommended age to have a Ouija Board is 8+ years old. So, you need to be 21 years old to drink alcohol and 8 to summon the devil.
The police arrested me for killing and raping a girl. My defense? This corpse has been a virgin her whole life!
You so ugly, your mama had morning sicknesses after you were born.
The best contraceptive for old people is nudity. 
What do you call a porn star with a little dick? White!
I found a message in a bottle. It said "You drink too much."
What's the worst part about going to a gay picnic? All the hotdogs taste like shut.
Nurse: "Doctor why is there a thermometer behind your ear?
Doctor: "Damn! Some asshole must have my pen!"
The more pregnant I get, the more often strangers smile at me. Why? "Cause you're fatter than they are."
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
When I was a child I would rather go for bathing with my father; because while slipping I kept mine. Dad's dick!
Our WIFI was down yesterday and I spent 45 minutes trying to fix it. Our dishwasher has been broken for 3 weeks and I haven't even touched it.
My sexual experiences are much like my exams. A lot of nervous build up before hand, performance is rushed and the end results are often disappointing.
How does a network administrator nerd greet people who come to his house? Welcome to 127.0.0.1
If my puns are cheesy, then they would go well with crackers.
Why did God give Black guy's big dicks? He felt sorry for putting pubes on their heads.
What do you call a smart blonde? A golden retriever.
Happy 10th birthday to your dating profile pic.
Money can't buy happiness, but it can help you look for it quicker, in a convertible.
You look like something I drew with my left hand.
Using a public restroom always reminds me how much better I am at flushing a toilet than a lot of other people on this planet.
Why are Vegan women, hypocrites? Cause they love to bone and eat meat!
Someone broke into my house and stole my external hard drive; they really got my backup.
What's the difference between a boyfriend and a husband? 45 minutes.
What summer vacation destination makes a pet bird sing for joy? The Canary Islands!
Hey there, mind if I take a bite? Cause your decomposing in ALL the right places.
Most females don't answer video calls after 9pm because their face has been restored to factory settings.
He may have a nice car but I have a fast sleigh
The best present is the present made by your own slaves.
You know that person that always have to be right and have the last word? Shoot them!
What is a skeleton? Skeleton is a person who starts dieting but forgot to stop it...
You might not be a Bulls fan, but I know you felt it when this D rose.
What medical condition does a person have if the shoot all the bullets out the mag, then tries to shoot the enemy and forgets he shoot all the bullets. Ammoneisa.
A black man, a Muslim and Mexican jump off a building, who wins? Society.
I went to school without my shoes today. I got shoe-spended for a week.
Everything has to be related in a woman: if the mouth shuts, the legs open.
A woman once wanted me to father her child no strings attached. In other words, "I like your genes, but I don't like what you've done with them." I agreed but with one condition. She had to put it up for adoption.
I hope that a blind mouse eats you. 
Why blind? 
It should be blind in order doesn't feel what a nasty thing it is eating!
Your so ugly when you were born your mom said "Oh what a treasure" and your dad said "Yeah le´ts bury it."
Telling a girl to calm down works about as well as trying to baptize a cat.
I hate going on the road, it Drives me crazy.
She asked if I had my shit together yet? I said of course, cause no one wants a man with Diarrhea.
Why can you see black people at night? Because they shut off the lights.
What is a video game characters favorite method of brawling? Hitboxing!
Why did the snowman take his pants off? Because he saw the snowblower coming.
My dad never seemed to see the irony in calling me a son of a bitch he does it every day.
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once.
Q: What's different from a be enchanting and a black person? A: A bench can support a family.
What do pregnant teenagers and their babies have in common? They both think,"My moms gonna kill me".
I didn't do it, nobody saw me do it, you can't prove anything.
Why women never fart when your dating? They don't have an ass hole till after they are married.
Call your dad now and ask him what the wifi password is so he has time to find the little paper it's written on before Thanksgiving.
Scooters and fat girls are both fun to ride. Until your friends see you.
Sure women live longer than men, but we spend that extra time at awkward bridal and baby showers wishing we were dead, so I feel like it's a fair trade.
As best man it is my job to tell you about the groom, and all the embarrassing things that have happened to him in the 28 years leading up to what was the happiest day of his life until i started this speech.
I return to work tomorrow with a child-like belief that 2017 is the year people will think at least twice before hitting Reply All.
A healthy male organism is the one, which wakes up in the morning before the man.
I'm typically attracted to guys who look like I'll need therapy after dating them.
Love is an ocean of emotions entirely surrounded by expenses.
Don't drink and drive, might hit a bump and spill it.
Scratches and dents on the doors of your car are the side effects of bad driving.
There's a lot of pretty woman at spring because during other seasons you appreciate them with your brain.
If the other driver had stopped a few yards behind himself the accident would not have happened.
I read somewhere that Alligators only have to eat once every three weeks... if only that Disney Alligator could have waited one more day.
My wife hired a fact checker for when we argue.
Don't drink while driving – you will spill the beer.
If you want to change your life significantly just walk to the Mercedes-Benz 600 standing at the junction, take a brick and throw it into the windshield.
I'm experiencing heavy call volumes. Please hang up and never call me again.
What do you do when your dishwasher stops working? Yell at her.
I read a survey that said 82% of people enjoy being cuddled. But if the people on this bus are any indication, the real figure is, like 0%.
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
Your kid may be an honors student, but you're still an idiot.
Diet tip: If you think you're hungry, you might just be thirsty. Have a bottle of wine first and then see how you feel.
If I buy a soccer ball, will you kick it with me?
I might only be 25% Irish, but on St Patrick Days I will be 100% drunk.
Are your other donkeys jealous because that's one fine ass
We can't afford to take our kids to a corn maze this year so we're just going to take them to an IKEA instead.
How do you milk sheep? Release a new iPhone and charge $1,000 for it.
She's so ugly, the fell out of the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down.
Walk up to a friend at work or school and whisper, "They know." Then quickly walk away. Most people will wrack their brains wondering what they did that people found out about.
I live in a hutch filled with vibrating cedar chips
"I just don't understand why I can't sleep" she said while staring at the little glowing box of doom in her hand.
Your pants say yoga, but your ass says McDonald's.
Farting is like the frozen song. 
In the public: Conceal, don't feel... Don't let them know. 
At home: Let it go, let it go... Can't hold it back anymore.
Why can't the Christmas tree stand up? It doesn't have legs.
There is 1 thing 2 do 3 words 4 you I LOVE YOU.
Winter is natures way of telling you to polish.
War does not determine who is right – only who is left.
Is your name country crock, cause you can spread for me anytime.
It's all fun and games until someone loses an eye. Then it's just a game. Find the eye!
Q: What did the nurse say to John Cena? A: ICU.
Going apple picking would be cool if you don't know grocery stores exist.
Ugh, who has time to work out?... I say before a 45 minute nap.
What does the dish scrambled eggs and brains have in common? Ignorant people!
I said "no" to drugs, but they just wouldn't listen.
Fat people suffer from their feet... their feet won't stay out of the chip shop.
You're about as much use as parallel lines of a railway track. The only difference is the railway tracks take people places and with the way you are, it's no wonder you always end up going nowhere in life.
What's the name of the latest gay sitcom? "Leave it, it's Beaver."
I could tell my parents hated me, my bath toys were a toaster and a radio.
He was in a pub when he proposed. It was very romantic – he got up on one knee.
For Mother's Day, I got my mom a case of Bud Lite. After all, I'm the reason she drinks.
How do blonde braincells die? Alone. 
I don't need more meds, just fewer people.
I'm pretty sober, but I'm prettier drunk.
You: "Hey! What's your stomach fuel level on?"
Student: "E! I'm starvin'!"
A wife can enjoy anything, until it's not my salary.
You know the guy that was in the ring? Turns out the one he fought with was a bunch of bull.
What's the first thing a blonde does in the morning? Introduces themself.
To avoid a collision I ran into the other car.
It is said that, you can't buy happiness. You only need to know the right places...
Before marriage, men would wander parking lots aimlessly because they had no one to point out the open spots.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because KFC was on the other side.
Makeup tip: You're not in the circus.
Why do Africans wear lip plates? So they have something to play hoops with when they take it out.
Easy to Easy is not easy.
I opened Outlook Calendar at work today. It looked like a bad game of Tetris.
I am so old I can tell the same joke on facebook every day. Some of my friends are so old, they will think it is a new joke every day.
What's the difference between wife and a blue whale? About 10 pounds.
If You weigh 200 pounds on the Earth it is only 76 pounds on the Mars, and it means You are not fat but you are just on the wrong planet.
Your mama is so stupid, she thought you were smart.
Isn't it great to live in the 21st century? Where saluting the moths of the year become more important than to salute your friends...
She's as smart as bait.
The more I practice boxing, the more unclear and obscure things are around me.
Me: Siri, why am I alone? Siri: *opens front facing camera*
Why is it hard to play the card game "Uno" with a group of Mexicans? Because they all take the green cards.
I hate when a couple argues in public but I missed the start and don't know whose side I'm on.
My wife and I have started aggressively planning for our retirement, and by that I mean we're playing the lottery 3-5 times per week.
What do you call the useless piece of skin on a penis? The man.
If the fortune has turned her back on you, you can do whatever you want behind her back.
Whats orange and looks good on a black guy? Fire.
If Snapchat has taught me anything it's that a lot of you females look better as farm animals.
She's so fat that she ran down the street chasing a yellow school bus thinkg it was the largest twinkey ever.
I got fired as an estate agent the other day. It was for selling the wrong type of semi.
I am not an alcoholic. I simply enjoy living in liquid medium.
My friend told me he wanted to see Africa and experience seeing people of a different skin color... Later, I had to tell him KFC didn't count as a place.
What do you call it when a 90 year old man masturbates successfully? Miracle whip.
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.
My wife's maggot soup surprise is better than it used to be now that it is topped with coal ash.
People are like trees, if you chop them with an axe they die.
Your face is the reason why the new iPhone X failed to recognize someone's face.
If my dog had a face like yours I would shave his ass and walk him backwards.
My teen sent my call directly to voicemail on the phone she used to have.
Hurry! Stop standing around, hearing all you can see!
Facebook memories are a great way to see how fat you've gotten.
You're not fat, you're just so full of shit.
Yo momma is so short, when she went to meet Santa he said, "Go back to work!"
In the competition of female logics, a random number generator won.
Why do blacks smell? So blind people can hate them too.
Immaculate conception is spreading rapidly, with adult born yesterday!
Did you hear about that kid that had sex with his teacher? Yeah, he recently died from hi-fiving.
What has four legs, is big, green, fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree would kill you? A pool table.
Swallowing your babies is fatal.
Just finished building the deepest well in England. Got the plans wrong way round, started work on the tallest lighthouse.
I went out drinking on St Patricks Day, so I took a bus home... That may not be a big deal to you, but I've never driven a bus before.
The grass is always greener on the other side because its fertilized with bullshit.
To the 20 year old girl who wrote an essay claiming she is too pretty to be allowed to lead a normal life:Same.
Intimacy is selfish: into me see.
Ever get it on with a rodent?
I can feel the gluons being exchanged between us.
When does a black guy type the fastest... When he trying to guess the Alarm code.
Yo mama so stupid when she got a call from her iPhone she put it in her eye.
Ladies dating a short guy is fun until you can't find him at the club and you don't have taxi money to go home.
What do you buy a friend graduating from Law School? A law-botomy.
The other day I stopped to pick buttercups, what buttocks were doing on the floor I don't know.
I found out about you from my last nightmare.
What does it mean when you see a bunch of blacks running in one direction? Jail break.
Why do white peope call a Indians paiutes? Cuz paiutes was a Indians first words and they were like 30yrs old!
I really lack the words to compliment myself today.
Why are the palms of black people white? Because there's a little bit of good in everybody.
Hi, welcome to dating. These are your two options:
1. Stay together forever
2. Break up
No pressure.
Ready for the only way to enjoy Instagram? Follow zero people. Follow every dog.
Middle age is when your old classmates are so grey and wrinkled and bald they don't recognize you.
Whenever I see you there is a smile on my face. And by smile I meant I laugh.
I've seen a turkey but I've never been to Turkey.
You know how birds can't see glass? Well, blondes can't either.
By the cup of Nescafé even the most secret thoughts turn into words, and by the bottle of vodka – into actions.
Her cooking is so bad, it would make medicine sick!
Being a Mulato isn't very profitable, the black half wants to steel your phone, the white half wants to pay the bill.
Why do men snore when they lay on their backs? Because their balls fall over their assholes and they vapor.
I think therefore I can't get anything done.
Why do people get married? So they can get divorced.
I love oral sex... it's the phone bill I hate.
If you are a bit paranoid, does that mean you're upset with the numbers from 0 to 3?
What's the difference between a Boy-Scout and a Jew? Boy-Scouts get to leave camp.
You grow on people....so does cancer.
My life is a lot like that driver who signals right, but turns left.
I need hug(e amount of money).
You're not sure – outrun and make sure.
There's something actionable in your pants.
I come from a stupid family. During the civil war my great uncle fought for the West.
Wow, this article looks awesome.

*clicks link*

*finds out it's a slideshow*

*throws computer out the window*
Dear alcohol, We had a deal where you would make me funnier, smarter, and a better dancer... I saw the video... we need to talk.
The most beautiful makeup of a woman is passion. But cosmetics are easier to buy.
If you're violent but also creative, try paintball.
Did you hear about the monkey with a steak on his head, thought he was a grills?
Woke up early to go for a run and got as far as still laying here.
"I see your grades are struggling..." said my mum.
So I said, "Like that button holding your trousers together..."
I hate when someone wants to have sex with me for superficial reasons before they even know how funny.
Sure, white people can't say the "N word" but at least we can say phrases like, "Thanks for the warning, Officer" and, "Hey, Dad."
It's a sin to love another's wife and a punishment to love yours.
There is no "me" in team. No, wait, yes there is!
There was an outbreak of food poisoning among the world leaders at the recent summit. During the food preparation, they feared what the Russians Putin May Merkel Trump.
Other people don't like my queue jumping. Especially when I use my motorcycle.
You know what a fat girl and a moped have in common? They are both fun to ride until your friends see you!
Me: And the award for the most awesome daddy goes to...? *6 blinks M: The most awesome daddy award goes to...? *6 blinks M:  6: Luke's dad?
Saw a rival dad at Home Depot so I asked if he needed help finding anything.
I must have a nice butt, because, everytime I'm walking away from talking to someone they say "What an ass?"
On a scale of newlyweds to married 25 years, how willing are you to admit I'm right?
They say people couldn't have everything because they don't have enough space to put it, I say 'everything' includes a bag with infinite space so I can put everything in easily.
The national debt isn't the only thing that's rising.
People always say to do exercise, I do Breathing... Could I be more WORKING!
Join The Army, visit exotic places, meet strange people, then kill them.
I'm not a stalker, I'm just an unpaid private investigator.
Me: Yay! No more periods! Menopause: Wait, here's a beard.
I had an argument with a woman... yeah... I lost...
Twitter is just LinkedIn for the chronically unemployed.
I never knew the meaning of true happiness until I got married, but then it was too late...
A black person, a Asian and a Mexican jump out of a plane. Who wins? Society.
When watching any game of woman's sport you must always spare minutes silence and think of all the men who will go without dinner tonight.
How do you starve a black man? Put his food stamps in his work boots.
Yo momma is so fat, I took a picture of her last Christmas and it's still printing.
What's the difference between a Jew and a bullet? The bullet gets out of the chamber.
Uber lost over a billion dollars in the last six months so they're asking their drivers to check between the seat cushions.
Why is Santa's sack so big? Because he only comes once a year.
There are a lot of female hormones in beer. When I drink five bottles I also can't drive a car and start behaving illogically.
Your mama so fat, when you kill her you got a 5 kill streak.
Why do blacks wear white gloves? So they don't bite their fingers eating tootsie rolls.
If I got a penny for everyone I've met who is as beautiful as you, I'd have all the money in the world.
My girl always tells me "Life is about the little things", but I just hate when she talks about her Ex.
Your phone screen is brighter than your future.
How do you treat someone with herpes?
With disdain.
The only thing more important than your happiness is mine so get on it.
The only difference between the people I've dated and Charles Manson is that Manson has the decency to look like a nut case when you first meet him.
Top quark or bottom quark?
What does an Ethiopian family look like? A barcode.
I tried eharmony. They kept matching me up with women who look like me in a wig. I'd be too intimidated to date someone that attractive.
Useless trying to undo a mistake. Focus your efforts on new ones.
What do you call one black on the moon? Problem. What do you call ten blacks on the moon? Problems. What do you call the entire black population on the moon? Problem solved.
I came inside of her not because of the fame but because of the human life on earth.
A mother makes her son intelligent in 20 years, but a woman can make him stupid in 30 seconds.
Is that a Higgs boson in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Getting a red heart instead of a yellow star makes me feel like things are moving a little too fast between us.
She is so fat if you told her to haul ass it would take two trips.
What do you do when you find out Viagra isn't working for you? You go Cialis!
You: "Is there 22 letters in the alphabet..."
Them: "No there is 26..."
You: "Sorry I forgot U R Q T"
I'm taking Viagra and drinking prune juice - I don't know if I'm coming or going.
Yo mama so fat when she stepped on the weighing scale it said: "I need your weight, not your phone number."
My kid wants $20 to go through a corn maze with his friends, which is $20 more than I normally pay to walk through vegetables.
Your eyes have a perfect wavelength of 563.4 nm.
Why are men like cars? Because they always pull out before they check to see if anyone else is cumming.
She's single if her man can't beat you up.
Do you want to see a murderer? Kill someone and look yourself in the mirror.
How do you get four queers on a bar stool? Turn it upside down.
You seem like the kind of person who always tried to open the wrong side of the milk carton in grade school.
What has got two legs and bleeds? Half a dog!
Why do white men stay with their women? They'll have a hard time trying to find another that likes little dicks.
What's yellow and black and makes you laugh: A bus full of niggers going over a cliff.
Sis wanted a cheese, I gave her D camera and told her to say cheese!
What's the difference between batman and a black man? Batman can go into a store without robin.
You head is so long when you ran in a race you came first and last.
One time I told a rival dad that the air pressure looked low in one of his tires right in front of a group of people.
Idiot college called, they want there mascot back.
My love for you is like God. Not real.
You know you're getting old when you start having dry dreams and wet farts.
So I hear you like snakes...I have one its called a "trouser snake"
The three words most hated by men during sex? "Are you In?" or "Is It In?"
What are a blonde's first words after graduating college? "Would you like fries with that?"
Why did God create black men? So fat white girls could dance (and get laid).
If I can't buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
I heard you were good at algebra. Can you replace my X without asking y?
I'm not racist, my shadow is black. 
Ever done it on a pile of artificial grass?
Hey Cutie ever do it in a sleigh?
When you were born the doctor slapped your mama and said "oh goodie twins".
Are you a mum? I am not a dad! Maybe you could help me with that!
My wine drinking is merely functional... My personality is better with a little marinade.
You so ugly on Halloween someone said scary costume.
If you are supposed to learn from your mistakes, why do some people have more than one child.
A man enters a store and says: "15 litres of wine please." "Did you bring a container for this?" "You're speaking to it."
For me, being "clean and sober" means I'm showered and headed to the pub.
Alcohol makes people do things they know they shouldn't but kinda want to. E.g I started sleeping 20 hours a day.
Yo hair so greasy, that you can survive off the fried chicken in food shortage.
Every time you go to take a picture, when you smile you burn a hole straight through the camera.
If you don't drink, smoke or do drugs you may live long enough to be a real burden to loved ones.  Please pass the wine.
Q: Why are all blacks fast? A: The slow ones are in jail.
My wife told me: "Sex is better on holiday." That wasn't a very nice postcard to receive.
A black guy goes up to his friend and says "I'm confused, this guy keeps calling me a ginger". His friend goes "he's just dyslexic".
Weak men have a lover, strong men – three.
A woman is like canned food: one opens and everyone eats.
I'm guessing I'm not married because I'd take a bullet for a grilled cheese before I'd take one for a girl.
How many cops does it take to throw a black man down a flight of stairs? None. He Fell.
When some one told you that you have jelly rolls, you tried to eat yourself but your fat body stopped you from doing so.
Your so butters that clover the butter company used you in their adverts.
Why is a Laundromat a really bad place to pick up a woman? Because a woman who can't even afford a washing machine will probably never be able to support you.
Man, a tire's life must suck, we seem them rolling, then we hating.
My New Year's resolution is to be more optimistic by keeping my cup half-full with either rum, vodka, or whiskey.
Me: let's go this way. Shopping cart: no.
I hate the part of the conversation where the other person says things.
The next tropical cyclone should be named after you. It would be less fatal than your face.
Hey Babe, when was the last time you did it in a sleigh?
She's so ugly, she made a freight train take a dirt road!
Why do the Scottish wear kilts? Because a sheep can hear a zipper from like a mile away.
Hey, I'm not saying Hitler was a great guy, but he really saved the Histoy channel.
Sperm is white and pee is yellow so a man can tell if he's coming or going.
Men are like frogs, the most important thing is to jump on faster.

I require three things in a man. He must be handsome, ruthless and stupid.
Women were born to WOO MEN but why do they WOE MEN?
I'm an antisocial-psychic. I can see ahead of time that I won't want to talk to you.
Yo mamma so fat, when she plays paintball her teammates hide behind her.
What do you call a black guy with Parkinson's? A chocolate shake.
What do a Christmas tree and priest have in common? Their balls are just for decoration.
What do politicians and porn stars have most in common? They're experts at switching positions in front of camera.
Why is there so much blood in my alcohol system?
ISIS is taking back territory after a surprise turn of events. Their new partnership with Samsung is quickly paying off
Why do blacks raise chickens? To teach their kids how to walk.
Sometimes I hide my girlfriend's inhaler so the neighbors think I'm a stud when they hear her panting, "Give it to me!"
Any car is a self-driving car if you don't give a shit.
What's long, black and smelly? The unemployment line.
What happened to the Irish man who thought about the evils of drinking in the New Year? He gave up thinking.
What do you call a dictionary using meth? Addictionary.
Why do black widow spiders kill their males after mating? Penis envy.
Here's $10. Drink until I am really good looking, then come and talk to me.
Hey baby, wanna play lion? OK. You go kneel right there and I'll throw you my meat.
Don't worry laundry, it's Friday night and nobody is doing me either.
What's the difference between a jew and a pizza? A pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven!
Come to my 127.0.0.1 and I'll give you sudo access.
You so ugly your mum ran up the stairs of the hospital when you were born and jumped off the roof.
Throwing acid is wrong, in some people's eyes.
Your so fat you were rolling down a hill and you never stopped.
Why couldn't the toilet paper cross the road? Because it got stuck in a crack.
Are you from Pennsylvania cause I want to stick my pen in your sylvania
How do you get 1 million followers? Run through Africa with a water bottle.
A black man and a Mexican were both in a car - who was driving? The police officer.
We must pay for the mistakes of our youth… at the drugstore.
What is a snowman's favorite sex position? Sled doggy-style.
What's the difference between men and women going to the same holiday destination? Women go to phuket men go to fuket.
Sex at age 90 is like trying to shoot pool with a rope.
I call my car the "Pussy Wagon" because that's where I go to cry.
Why did a woman include a bag of meth with her ATM transaction? She thought it would speed up her deposit!
If you were a basketball, could I drive you, and lay you up?
How many police officers does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None, they just beat the room for being black.
What did God say when he saw the first black person? Ooops, I burnt one!
What do you do if you see a black person hoping in your front yard? Reload and shoot again.
What is the difference between a sperm and a lawyer? None, both have one in a million chance to be human beings.
If your coworker has a picture of herself and her dog labeled "Beauty and the Beast" you shouldn't ask her which one is which.
You cannot eat me unless you spread me. -Butter
Which part of the Bible won't you find a black man? The Book of Job.
WHY GOD? WHY ONLY ME? WHY YOU ARE DOING THIS TO ME... Didn't we had a deal that I never get old :'(
If it's true that we are here to help others, then what exactly are the others here for?
A Mexican, a black boy, and a white boy, they are all in the first grade, which one has the biggest peter? The black boy because he's 17.
Learn from your parents' mistakes: use birth control.
Lets play railroad I'll be the train and ur the tunnel
Why are black people so good at basketball? They know how to run shoot and steal.
Whats long and hard on a nigger? First grade. 
I don't need a reason to enjoy a little wine. I just need a glass.
Just found out an acquaintance is a drug dealer, would never have guessed, seems like a nice, funny guy. He always cracked me up.
I refused to believe I was gay and dyslexics. I was in Daniel.
Staring at an eclipse without glasses is much less painful than looking at your face.
Sometimes I shoot off at the mouth but I have turrets syndrome.
I got drunk last night and my house wasn't where I left it.
You are so gay your favorite game is leapfrog with unicorns.
Two cows in a field. Which one is on holiday? The one with the week cave.
Why did the prostitute retire? She screwed up!
What's the best thing about being a meth addict? Only one sleep till Christmas.
What u call 10 black people in the back of a truck? A good days hunting.
How do you stop 5 black guys from raping a white girl? Throw them a basketball.
God must love stupid people. He made SO many.
What do you call a white person running down a hill? An avalanche. 
What do you call a mexican running down the hill? A mudslide. 
What do you call a black person running down the hill? Prison break.
Why can't blondes count to 70? Because 69 is a bit of a mouthful.
Doctor: "You need to stop masturbating."
Patient: "Why?"
Doctor: "Because I would like to start the exam."
Your pussy is in more danger than a seal during Shark Week.
Why do black people drive on the left side of the road? Because they don't have any rights.
It's better to have a bottle in front of me, than a frontal lobotomy.
Little catholic boy asked the priest "do you mind if I play the organ this week?" And the priest replied "not at all."
"I would like my pizza to be 1/3 Hawaiian, 1/3 meat-lovers, and 1/3 vegeterian," ...said the zombie.
Why did God create the orgasm? So women can moan even when they're happy.
Relationship status - table for one but drinks for two.
What's the definition of "Tender Love?" Two gays with hemorrhoids. 
If you see me with a water bottle, there's probably vodka in it
Why did God give men penises? So they'd have at least one way to shut a woman up.
Why did the little old lady make her husband shovel the driveway? She thought she heard him begging for a snow job.
It's been proven that girls reach the age of puberty earlier than boys. Girls develop tits around the age of 13, boys around the age of 40.
Why are most politicans in the closet or gay? Because they can only mandate.
What's the difference between a Catholic wife and a Jewish wife? A Catholic wife has real orgasms and fake jewelry.
Where is the best place to hide a nigger's food stamps? Under his work boots.
In principle, I can stop drinking, the thing is – I don't have such a principle.
Do you like the internet? Cause I can put you on there if you come back to my place.
Couple beside me in restaurant are on a blind date; they both love dogs, sushi, and looking at Tinder while the other one is in the restroom.
All panties aside, it's Friday.
What did one lesbian vampire say to another lesbian vampire? "See you next month!"
Baby, let's configure our hard drives in master and slave position.
Why do blacks people take a knee? Because standing upright is more difficult for them.
Why don't black people have dreams? Look what happened to the last one who did.
Do you play volleyball? Because you look like your good on ur knees!
What does NAACP stand for? National Association of Apes Called People.
What is a blonde's favorite fairy tale? Humpme Dumpme!
I know my limits: if I fell down it means enough.
It probably seems like I'm listening to your story, but I'm really thinking, "close your fucking menu or the waiter will never come over."
I asked a black kid what his favorite method of expressing an exponent is. He said he didn't like black radicals, but liked black power.
What do you call a short black person? By their name, you racist.
If Google ever goes down and stays down, I'm fucked. I know four facts and they're all about elephants and I already forgot three of them.
Why do doctors slap babies' butts right after they're born? To knock the penises off the smart ones.
Looking at you, I understand why some animals eat their young.
New hangout for white racist... is in a box of crackers.
If you wrote essay about chinese food,what would it call? Dogcument.
Your IQ is so low, even Frankenstein started crying.
What are the three words that men hate to hear during sex? "Are you done?"
Why do we laugh at female presidential candidates? Because they're Hillary-ous!
Did you hear about the homosexual electron? Went around blowing fuses.
You know she loves you when she picks your nose. How much is determined by whether she gives it to you or eats it herself.
Lets role play I'll be Osama, You be a cave, and I'll hide up inside you
So sorry I asked if your makeup was by Picasso.
You so fat the scale screamed "Get the fuck off me".
Today I found my first grey pubic hair. I got really excited, but not as much as the other people in the lift.
How do you keep black people out of your back yard? Hang one in the front!
Why does a blond wear a tight skirt? To keep here legs closed. 
My parents are from Glasgow which means they're incredibly hard, but I was never smacked as a child. Well, maybe one or two grams to get me to sleep at night.
Q: Why don't blacks fuck Afghans? A: Because they are going to make you blow.
How do you fit 140 Jewish people in a pickup truck? 5 in the front, 14 in the back, and the rest in the ash tray...
What do you call a gay dinosaur? Brontosoarass.
Did you hear about the gay security guard who got fired from his job at the sperm bank? He got caught drinking on the job.
Girl, if you were a camel, I'd hump you!
How do you save a nigger from drowning? Shoot him.
I asked Barack Obama if we could get together later, and he said Yes We Can!
She just wanted to make her friend jealous and accidentally made a porno.
What is the difference between a dog and a fox? About 5 drinks
What do you get when you cross a Mexican and a nigger? Someone who is too lazy to steal.
What do you call a barn full of black people... Antique farm equipment
Why are blondes so easy to get into bed? Who cares?
Q: How does a blonde turn the lights on in the morning? A: She opens the car door.
If you and I were squirrels, could I bust a nut in your hole?
What do black guys have that's double the size of white men and gets bigger every time they touch a woman?
Their criminal record.
Why does a blonde wear green lipstick? Because red means Stop.
A man is walking through a graveyard when he sees another man squatting next to a grave. "Morning!" he calls out. "No, just taking a shit!"
What do you call a blonde skeleton in the closet? Hide-and-go-seek winner from last year.
I plan to donate my liver to an alcoholic so i'll know it's a match
Oh... Sorry... Did you mistake me for someone who cares?
How long does it take a black lady to shit? About 9 months.
Why do pills work? Because they're white.
If I was a dog, and you were a flower, I'd lift up my legs, and give you a shower.
War is God's way of teaching Americans geography.
One cigarette shortens your life by two hours, one bottle of vodka by three hours, and a workday – eight hours.
I wasn't planning on giving Christmas gifts this year until I heard about those exploding Samsung Galaxy phones.
My friend required 10 stitches in his ass. He was trying to cut fart and the knife slipped.
Son asking father. Why are niggers so black daddy? Well son, whip this one while I think about it.
Q: What do you call a bunch of dead black people in a barn? A: Out dated farming equipment.
What's faster than a Cheetah? A Jew with a coupon.
Friend: "I don't want to bore you with my problems."
Me: "Awesome, thank you."
Your mama got a eye in her ass talking about I see that shit.
Alcohol won't mend a broken heart.But that doesn't mean I won't try it again tonight.
The advantage of using a nailcutter is, you won't get scratchmark on your forehead skin and the disadvantage is, you can't peel off garlic skin.
If I wanted your opinion, I would give it to you.
Is bullshit one word or two? I just want these Valentine's cards for my prayer group to be perfect.
So, after beating the crap out of the nerdy kid in my class who always gets things right, I returned to the front of the classroom and resumed teaching.
Why don't you remove those barriers to imports? It will ease my inflation and the benefits will trickle down.
I called the Child Abuse Hotline. A kid answered, called me a fat cunt, and told me to fuck off.
You were beautiful in my dreams, but a fucking nightmare in reality.
I drank so much I'm donating my liver to science fiction.
If you fuck " P" it would change to " B ".
Roses are red, violets are blue, sugar is sweet and so are you. But roses are wilting, violets are dead, sugar bowl's empty and so is your head.
What's a word that begins with a N and ends with a R you never want to call a black person? Neighbor.
There's a easter parade in my pants...wanna go?
Firefighters in London were called to assist hospital staff when a man's genital became trapped in a spanner. A hospital spokesman said the patient took a turn for the worse.
Oh, you're straight? Well, so is spaghetti until it gets hot and wet.
What is the difference betwen a blonde and a Lamborghini? You don't let your friends borrow your Lamborghini.
Your mother so old she breast milk turn into powder milk.
Wine improves with age. I improve with wine.
I'll never forget my grandpa's final words, "stop shaking the ladder you cunt."
No! for the last time stop asking if i am drunk. I am not drunk! Who would name their kid drunk?
In my experience there's two ways to get things done, the right way and the drunk way.
Booze booze the magical drink the more you drink the less you feel the less you feel the better the deal so drink booze for every meal.
What color is a Nigger after you run him over with the truck? Flat black.
What do you call 100 blacks buried up to their necks? Afroturf.
What do you call 1000 Mexicans at the bottom of the sea? A good start. 
What do you call 1000 black people at the bottom of the sea? An even better start.
I'm so old I remember when water was free and you had to pay for porn.
My girlfriend just admitted she used to be a Christian, so I broke up with her. It might seem judgemental, but I have only known her since she was Christine.
I'm Muslim. In my last stand up I bombed. CIA is after me now.
What is the difference between acne and a catholic priest? Acne usually comes on a boys face after he turns 12.
Why don't vampires go south of the border? Because every time they suck a Mexican's blood, they get the vshits for a month.
What do you call a black priest? Holy Shit.
What does the Bermuda Triangle and blondes have in common? They've both swallowed a lot of seamen.
What's alike with bikes and black people? They only start working when you put the chains on them.
Whats the difference between Amy Winehouse and a moped? A moped can make it to 30.
There's good climate in heaven, but a better company in hell.
I was an hour late for my train today, but luckily when I reached the station, it was still there... The people must have wondered, "Where the fuck is the driver?"
Why name hurricanes lame names, like Sandy? Name that shit Hurricane Death Megatron 300 and I guarantee niggas be evacuating like they need to.
What's the difference between a black guy and a dead guy. Neither of them go home to see their kids.
My son is an ungrateful little shit! I bought him a trampoline for Christmas, but he'd rather sit in his wheelchair and cry.
Dear Lord: The gods have been good to me. For the first time in my life, everything is absolutely perfect just the way it is. So here's the deal: You freeze everything the way it is, and I won't ask for anything more. If that is OK, please give me absolutely no sign. OK, deal. In gratitude, I present you this offering of cookies and milk. If you want me to eat them for you, give me no sign. Thy will be done.
Someone told me a joke about transgender surgery. Took balls to tell it.
My friends say that I'm gay because I don't like football. What a bunch of idiots. I'm gay because I like cock.
What do women and modern computers have in common? Neither one will accept a 3 and a half inch floppy.
Why do blondes wear underwear? To keep their ankles warm.
A Mexican and a nigger jump of the Empire State Building,who hits the ground first? The Mexican, because the nigger stopped and wrote "Mother Fucker" on the way down.
What do you get when a black person and a samoan have kids? Sum mo niggaz.
This is my backstory of how I discovered anal sex.
How can you tell if a novel is about a homosexual? The hero always gets his man in the end.
Why are black peoples eyes, teeth, palms, and bottoms of feet white? Because God had them assume the position before he spray painted them.
I have the body of a 25 year old supermodel, but it takes up too much space in my freezer.
Heading out for drinks, bail money's on top of the fridge.
Why doesn't a blonde talk during sex? Because her mother told her never to talk to strangers.
What's a pedophiles favorite day of the year? Halloween because they get free delivery.
One day I shall solve my problems with maturity. Today, however, it will be alcohol.
My doctor said he thought I had the body of a 25 year old. So naturally I had to kill him and bury him next to it.
Why do only 20 percent of blonde chicks lay Easter eggs? The rest are hunting peckers.
Who can make more money in a week, a drug dealer or a prostitute? The prostitute because she can wash and resell her crack.
 I'm not an alcoholic. Alcoholics need a drink, but I already have one.
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already.
Suicide: Mans way of telling God - "You can't fire me, I quit".
You don't like her? Drink more.
Give a man a fish, and you'll feed him for a day; give him a religion, and he'll starve to death while praying for a fish.
Jesus loves you, but everyone else thinks you're an asshole.
Don't forget that alcohol helps to remove the stress, the bra, the panties and many other problems.
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? A mosquito stops sucking when you smack it.
My wife asked me where I'd like to be buried? Apparently "balls deep in your sister" wasn't the answer she was expecting.
A slut is someone who'll have sex with anyone, a bitch is someone who'll have sex with anyone except you.
If a dove is the bird of peace, then is a swallow the bird of love?
I'm not Gay, but 5$ are 5$.
What do women addicted to heroin got in common with ice-hockey players? They both change clothes after three periods.
Democracy is three wolves and one sheep voting on what to have for supper.
A camel can work 10 days without drinking, I can drink 10 days without working.
What's the difference between a blonde and a computer? You only have to punch information into a computer once. 
Would you send your son to a school run by someone who insisted on being called "Headmaster?"
What do blondes do after they comb their hair? They pull up their pants.
If we're all God's children, what's so special about Jesus? This Guy is a goldmine.
Did you fall from heaven? 
No I crawled out from Hell. 
No wonder your really Hot!
What do you give the blonde that has everything? Penicillin.
Why drink and drive when you can smoke and fly.
What can tourists do on a $65 tour of gang turf in Los Angeles? Purchase a postcard, t-shirt, and some crystal meth!
What's the difference between Trump becoming president and a soldier dying in combat? The soldier knew what he signed up for.
You can consider yourself lucky in life, if the cognac you drink is older than the woman that you're sleeping with.
What's the difference between a bowling ball and a blonde? You can only fit three fingers inside a bowling ball!

What do you get when you give away free meth at a redneck zoo? Iced animal crackers!
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair? Virgin mobile.
I'm not a bad guy! I work hard, and I love my kids. So why should I spend half my Sunday hearing about how I'm going to Hell?
Jesus fed 5,000 men but Hitler made 6,000,000 jews toast.
Why do Gay men pay such high car insurance? Because they are always getting creamed from behind!
If Eve wore a fig leaf, what did Adam wear? A hole in it.
Hi, I'm a zombie, can I eat you out?
I had to stop drinking, cause I got tired of waking up in my car driving 90.
Hey baby...I can suck the chrome off a trailer hitch?
Why did God put men on the Earth? Becuase a vibrator can't mow the lawn.
My coworker who believes Jesus Christ was the immaculately conceived son of God who rose from the dead can't believe it's Monday already.
I don't like black jokes because I have one in my family tree. He's still hanging there.
How did Jesus get in such good shape? Crossfit.
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and a carpenter? A carpenter can cover up the holes he screws.
I am an agent of Satan, but my duties are largely ceremonial.
Did you hear about the guy who got killed and cut into pieces and stuffed into a zipper bag? His lips were sealed.
I couldn't join the KKK if I wanted to, my bloodline isn't pure enough. Turns out my parents weren't even related.
I found my Mrs's G spot. Turns out it was in her sister.
Why did Hitler commit suicide? He saw his gas bills.
Hitler wasn't that bad a guy, I mean he did kill Hitler.
How much semen does a gay guy have? A butt load.
I've spent the past four years looking for my ex-girlfriend's killer, but no one will do it.
Before I never used to believe when scientist talk about men evolve from apes... But then I met YOU!
Anal sex does not make one's day it makes one's hole weak
My dad used to always warn me about anal. He would say "Now son, this may hurt a bit".
See, the problem is that God gives men a brain and a penis, and only enough blood to run one at a time.
You was sent back to earth from hell becasuse the devil choked on your soul.
What do you say to a blonde with no arms and no legs? Nice tits!
Hot single grannies in your area want you to look at how tall you've gotten.
I want to do to your body what Mitt Romney does to poor people.
Why was the guitar teacher arrested? For fingering a minor.
I was going to ask my wife for anal... but fuck it.
How did they know Princess Diana didn't have dandruff? Because they found her head and shoulders in the glove box.
You're a lot like train tracks, you've gotten laid across the county.
I can't stand being in a wheelchair.
I lost my weed in a series of small fires.
After 20 years of marriage, I still get blow jobs. If my wife finds out, she'll fucking kill me.
What's the difference between a blonde and a guy? The blonde has the higher sperm count.
Why do men whistle when they're sitting on the toilet? Because it helps them remember which end they need to wipe.
What's the difference between a blonde and a washing machine? They both drip when they're fucked.
Why is 68 the maximum speed for blondes? Because at 69 they blow a rod.
My girlfriend told me she was going to get pregnant and if wouldn't do it, she was going to the sperm bank! Boy, I gave her a mouth full!
The last time someone listened to a Bush, a bunch of people wandered in the desert for 40 years!
You know why niggers are confused with monkeys? Because half of both are kept in cages.
Yo mama is so stupid, she put cat food down her pants to feed her pussy.
Why was Jesus a virgin when he died? Every time he touched a "wound" it closed.
I saw weird stuff in that place last night. Weird, strange, sick, twisted, gross, godless, evil stuff... and I want it (:
Is it a bird? Is it a plane? Whatever it is it's heading straight for the world trade centre.
What's the difference between a pile of dead bodies and a Lamborghini? I don't have a Lamborghini in my garage.
Am I getting under your skin? The only skin you'll be getting under is my ball sack.
What do gay men call hemorrhoids? Speed Bumps.
So Donald Trump walks into a bar... and lowers it.
And the Lord said unto John, "come forth and receive eternal life." 
But John came fifth and won a toaster.
You know you've got a high sperm count when she has to chew before she swallows.
I was never great with girls but I have standards... I don't date ugly girls... I make them fucking ugly...
Are you a shark, cause I got some swimmers for you to swallow.
It's better to have business with a drunk professional than a sober idiot.
It must be something in the air that is causing a lot of women to get pregnant... Their legs.
I don't mean to be forward girl but do you swallow? Ok Cool. Swallow these 7 balloons of Heroin and get on this flight to Los Angeles
A wife is like a boomerang – the harder you throw the faster she comes back.
What is the same about a blonde and a dog? They both suck dick.
Women are supposed to be like butterflies, beautiful and hard to catch. But most of you all are like mosquitos, annoying and easy to smash.
What's the difference between Amy Winehouse and Jack Daniels? Jack Daniels comes alive when you add Coke.
My gay friend got fired from the sperm bank because they caught him drinking on the job.
Yo momma's like a door handle... everybody gets a turn
My friend's girlfriend is 6 months pregnant, they asked if I wanna put my hand on the baby. Apparently, they meant from the outside.
What's the worthless piece of skin hanging off the end of a penis? A man.
Roses are red. Violets are blue. Retard shit is green.
Friend: "I think my mom hit her period last night"
Me: "Oh that's my bad I fucked your mom a little too hard."
Why was the police dog licking his own asshole? To get the taste of nigger out of his mouth.
Roses are red, so are your lips. Sit on my face and wiggle those hips.
I'm starting a new chapter of AA "Almost Alcoholics", their motto is, "Lets get sober, next week".
How do you get a nun pregnant? Dress her up as an alter boy.

It's better to be a worldwide alcoholic, than an Alcoholic Anonymous.
Teacher: "Can anyone name three Kings that brought happiness and peace to earth?"
Student: "Drin-king, smo-king, and fuc-king!"
Why are black peoples nostrils so big? Because that's what God held them by when he was painting them.
Why don't rednecks do reverse cowgirl? They never turn their back on family.
Where does a cracker meet his future wife? Family reunion.
What's the difference between sand and menstrual blood? You can't gargle sand.
What's the difference between Usain Bolt and Hitler. Usain Bolt can finish a race.
What have a gynaecologist and a pizza delivery driver got in common? They can both smell it but can't eat it.
What's the difference between Jews and a pizza? It's okay to burn a Jew!
What's a cocoon? Same as a n-nigger.
 Why can't Jesus play hockey? A: He keeps getting nailed to the boards.
Why did the referees stop the leper hockey game? There was a face-off in the corner.
What is the abbreviation of KFC: Killing Fucking Crackers?
What does a homo say to another gay going on vacation? Can I help you pack your shit?
What is a gay person's favorite desert on a hot day? Ass cream cones.
Some people prefer their women young and tender; I prefer mine ten and younger.
If God hadn't meant the pussy to be eaten, he wouldn't have made it look like a taco.
Where do you put a black Jew? In the back of the oven.
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other? My pad or yours?
I think it's a real shame that today's young people don't even know why we really celebrate Halloween. None of us would be here today if Jesus hadn't slain that giant pumpkin.
Why doesn't Jesus eat M&Ms? They fall through the holes in his hands.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang a picture...
How do you stop a nigger from drowning? You remove your boot from the back of his head.
Did you hear about the child with AIDS? it never gets old. I own an abortion clinic called "Don't Kid Yourself"
You're the cumshot that your mom wanted to swallow but your dad couldn't pull out in time.
It's amazing how one letter can change the whole meaning of a word, I once introduced myself as a racist, obviously meaning rapist.
A good bar is like a good woman - liquor in the front and poker in the back.
What did the prostitute say after fucking Jesus? Nailed it!
How do you pick up a Jewish chick. With a dust pan.
What's blue and doesn't fit? A dead epileptic.
You was sent away by the devil for unlidding raw gas out of your ass.
What do you call a Muslim who owns 6 goats? A pimp.
What does one gay say to another homo sitting at the bar? "Do you mind if I push in your stool?"
The only difference between a pedophile and a zit is a zit waits for a child to reach puberty before it comes across its face!
What is the difference between a single 40-year-old woman and a single 40-year-old man? The 40-year-old woman thinks often of having children and the man thinks often about dating them.
Why do witches not wear underwear? So they get a better grip.
Why do Scottish men wear kilts? Sheep can hear unzipping trousers from a distance of 100 yards.
A short summary of every Jewish Holiday: "They tried to kill us, we won, let's eat."
They say 1 in 3 people live next to a pedophile. Not me! I just live next to 2 smoking hot 8 year old.
What do Jesus and the square root of negative one have in common? They're both imaginary.
Please cooperate otherwise it gonna look like rape.
What did one gay sperm say to another? "How do we find an egg in all of this shit?"
I like my women the same as I like my whiskey. 20 years old and mixed up with coke!
Why did God give blondes pussys? So guys will talk to them at parties.
Why isn't necrophilia bad? I've never heard a corpse complain.
If God made anything better than pussy he kept it for himself.
I think I banged a Chinese celebrity. She kept screaming "I'm Wei Tu Yung" like I was supposed to know the name.
Rape is a terrible crime... I'll never understand how a man can traumatize a woman like that. That's why I always make sure they don't remember...
The only thing harder than midterms was my penis when I found out Bruce Jenner was switching genders.
Atheist problems: being considered strange because you don't believe in a magic man in the sky!
Hitler's orange Jews. 100% concentrated.
A woman of 35 thinks of having children. What does a man of 35 think of? Dating children.
What did the card dealer say to the table of 16 year old girls? Blackjack is just like my sex life, I always hit on 16.
Whats does giving your sister head and light beer have in common? Even though it tastes the same, you still know something is very wrong.
God makes everyone in his own image, no? Yeah, he was drunk.
How do you Circumcise a Cracker? Kick his 3-year old daughter in the jaw.
